Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

I fantasized about this back in Chicago
mercy, mercy me, that Murcielago
that’s me, the first year that I blow
how you say broke in Spanish? Me no hablo
me drown sorrow in that Diablo
me found bravery in my bravado
DJ’s need to listen to the model’s
You ain’t got no fuckin’ Yeezy in your Serrato?
(You ain’t got no Yeezy, nigga?)
stupid, but what the fuck do I know?
I’m just a Chi-town nigga with a nice flow
and my bitch in that new Phoebe Philo
so much head, I woke up to Sleepy Hollow

Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Look like a fat booty Celine Dion
sex is on fire, I’m the King of Leon-a Lewis
beyond the truest
hey, teacher, teacher
tell me how do you respond to students?
and refresh the page and restart the memory?
respark the soul and rebuild the energy?
we stopped the ignorance, we killed the enemies
sorry for the night demons still visit me
the plan was to drink until the pain over
but what’s worse, the pain or the hangover?
fresh air, rolling down the window
too many Urkels on your team, that’s why your wins low
don’t make me pull the toys out, huh
don’t make me pull the toys
and fire up the engines
and then they make noooise

Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

At the mall there was a seance
just kids, no parents
then the sky filled with heron
(I saw the devil) In a Chrysler LeBaron
And the hell, it wouldn’t spare us
(And the fires did declare us)
(But after that, took pills, kissed an heiress)
(And moved her back in Paris)

Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh

Can we get much higher? (higher, higher)
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Penitentiary chances, the devil dances
and eventually answers to the call of Autumn
all of them fallin' for the love of ballin'
got caught with 30 rocks, the cop look like Alec Baldwin
inter century anthems based off inner city tantrums
based off the way we was branded
face it, Jerome get more time than Brandon
and at the airport they check all through my bag and tell me that it's random
but we stay winning, this week has been a bad massage
I need a happy ending and a new beginning
and a new fitted and some job opportunities thats lucrative

This the real world, homie, school finished
they done stole your dreams, you dunno who did it
I treat the cash the way the government treats AIDS
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it, get it?
Ain't no question if I want it, I need it
I can feel it slowly drifting away from me
I'm on the edge, so why you playing? I'm saying
I will never ever let you live this down, down, down
Is hip hop just a euphemism for a new religion
the soul music for the slaves that the youth is missing
this is more than just my road to redemption
Malcolm West had the whole nation standing at attention
as long as I'm in Polo's smilin they think they got me
but they would try to crack me if they ever see a black me

I thought I chose a field where they couldn't sack me
if a nigga aint shootin a jump shot running a track meet
but this pimp is, at the top of mount Olympus
ready for the World's game, this is my Olympics
we make 'em say ho cause the game is so pimpish
choke a southpark writer with a fishstick
I insisted to get up offa this dick
and these drugs, niggas cant resist it
remind me of when they tried to have Ali enlisted
if I ever one of the greatest nigga, I must have missed it!
I need more drinks and less lights
and that American Apparal girl in just tights
she told the director she tryna get in a school
he said "take them glasses off and get in the pool"
it's been a while since I watched the tube
cause like a crip said: "I got way too many blues for any more bad news"
I was looking at my resume feeling real fresh today
they rewrite history I don't believe in yesterday
and what's a black beetle anyway, a fucking roach
I guess thats why they got me sitting in fucking coach
but God said I need a different approach
cause people is looking at me like I'm sniffing coke
its not funny anymore try different jokes
tell 'em hug and kiss my ass, x and o
kiss the ring while they at it, do my thing while I'm got it
play strings for the dramatic
and end all of that wack shit
act like I aint had a belt in two classes
I aint got it I'm comin after whoever who has it
I'm coming after whoever who has it
you blowing up, that's good, fantastic
that y'all, its like that ya'll
I don't really give a fuck about it at all
cause the same people that tried to black ball me
forgot about 2 things, my black balls
Oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, hey, hey

I'm living in the 21st century doin' something mean to it
Do it better than anybody you ever seen do it
Screams from the haters, got a nice ring to it
I guess every superhero need his theme music
No one man should have all that power
The clocks tickin' I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm tripping off the power
21st century schizoid man

The system broken, the school's closed, the prison's open
We ain't got nothing to lose, motherfucker, we rollin',
Huh? Motherfucker, we rollin'
With some light skinned girls and some Kelly Rowland's
In this white man's world we the ones chosen
So goodnight cruel world I'll see you in the mornin',
Huh? I see you in the mornin'
This is way too much, I need a moment.
No one man should have all that power
The clocks tickin'. I just count the hours
Stop trippin'. I'm tripping off the power
'Til then, fuck that the world's ours
21st century schizoid man

Fuck SNL and the whole cast
Tell them Yeezy said they can kiss my whole ass
More specifically they can kiss my ass hole
I'm an asshole? You niggas got jokes!
You short minded niggas thoughts is Napoleon
My furs is Mongolian,
My ice brought the goalies in
I embody every characteristic of the egotistic
He knows, he's so fuckin' gifted
I just needed time alone, with my own thoughts
Got treasures in my mind but couldn't open up my own vault
My child-like creativity, purity and honesty is honestly being crowded by these grown thoughts
Reality is catching up with me, taking my inner child I'm fighting for custody
With these responsibilities that they entrust in me
As I look down at my diamond encrusted piece thinking...
No one man should have all that power
The clocks tickin' I just count the hours
Stop trippin' I'm tripping off the powder
'Til then, fuck that the world's ours
21st century schizoid man

Colin Powell, Austin Powers
Lost in translation with a whole fuckin' nation
They say I was the abomination of Obama's nation
Well that's a pretty bad way to start a conversation
At the end of the day goddamn it I'm killin' this shit
I know damn well ya'll feelin' this shit
I don't need your pussy, bitch I'm on my own dick
I ain't got a power trip who you going home with?
How 'Ye doin'? I'm surviving
I was drinkin' earlier now I'm driving
Where the bad bitches huh? Where ya hidin'?
I got the power make your life so excitin'...

Oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey
Hey, hey
Now this'll be a beautiful death

You got the power to let power go flow
Something wrong
I hold my head
MJ gone, our nigga dead!
I slapped my girl, she called the feds
I did that time and spent that bread
I’m heading home, I’m almost there
I’m on my way heading up the stairs
To my surprise a nigga replacing me
I had to take 'em to that ghetto university
All of the lights
Cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
Strobe lights, street lights
All of the lights
All of the lights
Fast life, drug life
Thug life, rock life
Every night
(all of the lights)
Restraining order
Can’t see my daughter
Her mother, brother, grandmother hate me in that order
Public visitation
We met at Borders
Told her she take me back
I’ll be more supportive
I made mistakes
I bump my head
Courts suck me dry
I spent that bread
She need a daddy
Baby please, can’t let her grow up in that ghetto university
All of the lights
Cop lights, flash lights, spot lights
Strobe lights, street lights
All of the lights
All of the lights
Fast life, drug life
Thug life, rock life
Every night
(all of the lights)
Gossip gossip
nigga just stop it
everybody know (I’m a motherfucking monster)
I’ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I’ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
profit profit, nigga I get it
everybody know I’m a motherfucking monster
I’ma need to see your fucking hands at the concert
I’ma need to see your fucking hands...

The best living or dead hands down huh?
less talk more head right now huh?
and my eyes more red than the devil is
and I’m bout to take it to another level bitch
none of who you go and get, ain't nobody's cold as this
do the rap and attract triple double no assist
but my only focus is staying on some bogus shit
argue with my older bitch acting like I owe her shit
I heard the people saying raps are getting trap mayne
bought the chain that always give me back pain
fucking up my money so yeah I had to act sane
Chi nigga but these hoes love my accent
she came up to me and said this the number 2 gal
if you wanna make it number one you're number 2 now
this that goose an’ Malibu I call it Malibooya
God damn Yeezy how we hit em with the new style
know that motherfucker well, what you gonna do now
whatever I wanna do, gosh it's cool now
nah gonna do, uh it's a new now
think you motherfucker really really need to cool down
cause you will never get on top of this
so mommy best advice is just to get on top of this
have you ever had sex with a pharaoh
I put the pussy in a sarcophagus
now she claiming that I bruise her esophagus
head of the class and she just want a swallowship
I’m living in the future so the present is my past
my presence is a present kiss my ass
I'm so appalled, Spalding ball
Balding Donald Trump taking dollars from y'all
Baby, you're fired, your girlfriend hired
But if you don't mind, I'ma keep you on call
We above the law, we don't give a fuck about y'all
I got dogs that'll chew a fucking hole through the wall
But since they all lovers, I need more rubbers
And if I don't use rubbers, need more covers
Housekeeping, I mean goddamn
One time let it be a bad bitch sweeping
That know we get O's like Cheerios
That know because they seen us in the videos
That know the day that you play me
Would be the same day MTV play videos
That was a little joke, voila
Praises due to the most high, Allah
Praises due to the most fly, Prada
Baby, I'm magic, tada
Address me as your highness, high as United
30,000 feet up and you are not invited
Niggas be writing bullshit like they gotta work
Niggas is going through real shit, man, they out of work
That's why another goddamn dance track gotta hurt
That's why I'd rather spit something that got a purp'

Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man this shit is fucking ridiculous
Champagne wishes, thirty white bitches
I mean this shit is fucking ridiculous
Five star dishes, different exotic fishes
Man this shit is fucking ridiculous
I love it though
I love it though


Uh put your hands to the constellations
they way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I’m preaching to the congregation
we love Jesus but you done learned a lot from Satan
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
we ain't married but tonight I need some consummation


may the Lord forgive us
may the God’s be with us
and that magic hour I seen good Christians make rash decisions
oh she do it, what happened to Religion?
oh she lose it
she putting on her make up
she casually allure
text message break up, the casualty of tour
how she gone wake up and not love me no more
I thought I was the ass hole, I guess it’s rubbing off
hood phenomenon, the Lebron of rhyme
hard to be humble when you stuntin on a jumbotron
I’m looking at her like “this what you really want it, huh?”
what we argue anyway, oh I forgot its summertime


Uh put your hands to the constellations
they way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
I know I’m preaching to the congregation
we love Jesus but she done learned a lot from Satan (Satan, Satan, Satan)
I mean a nigga did a lot of waiting
we ain't married but tonight I need some consummation

When the sun go down its the magic hour
the magic hour
and outta all the colours that are still up the skies
you got green on your mind
I can see it in your eyes
why you standing there with your face screwed up
don’t leave while your hot that’s how Mase screwed up
throwing shit around, the whole place screwed up
maybe I should call Mase so that he could pray for us
I hit the Jamaican spot, at the bar, take a seat
I ordered you jerk, she said "you are what you eat"
you see I always loved your sense of humour
but tonight you should have seen how quiet the room was
the Lyor Cohen or Dior Homme that's Dior Homme not Dior homie
the crib scarface couldn’t be more Tony
you love me for me could you be more phoney

Uh put your hands to the constellations
they way you look should be a sin, you my sensation
haven’t said a word, haven’t said a word
to me this evening
Cat got your tongue?
(Look at you [x14])
(Look at you [x8])
(Ladies and gentlemen, la-ladies and gentlemen)
(And I want to show you how you all look like beautiful stars tonight)
(And I want to show you how you all look like beautiful stars tonight)
(And I want to show you how you all look like beautiful stars tonight)

And I always find, yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with' my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

She find pictures in my email
I sent this girl a picture of my dick.
I don't know what it is with females
But I'm not too good with that shit.
See, I could have me a good girl
And still be addicted to them hoodrats
And I just blame everything on you
At least you know that's what I'm good at

See, I always find
And I always find
Yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

R-r-ru-ru-ru-run away
Run away from me, baby

(Look at, look at, look at, look at you)
Run away from me, baby
(Look at you, look at you, look at you)
Run away
Run away from me, baby
Never was much of a romantic,
I could never take the intimacy.
And I know I did damage,
'Cause the look in your eyes is killing me,
I guess you've got another advantage
'Cause you could blame me for everything.
And I don't know how I'm a manage,
If one day you just up and leave
Yeah, I always find somethin' wrong
You been puttin' up with my shit just way too long
I'm so gifted at findin' what I don't like the most
So I think it's time for us to have a toast

Let's have a toast for the douchebags,
Let's have a toast for the assholes,
Let's have a toast for the scumbags,
Every one of them that I know
Let's have a toast to the jerkoffs
That'll never take work off
Baby, I got a plan
Run away fast as you can

I think I just fell in love with a porn star
Turn the camera on, she a born star
Turn the corners in a foreign car
Call the coroners do the CPR
She gave that old nigga a ulcer
Her bitter sweet taste made his gold teeth fake, uh
Make her knees shake, make a priest faint, uh
Make a nun cum, make her cremate, uh
Move downtown, cop a sweet space, uh
Livin' life like we won the sweepstakes, what!
We headin' to hell for heaven's sake, Huh!
Well I'mma levitate, make the devil wait, Yeah!

Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we'll live a hell of a life

Never in your wildest dreams, never in your wildest dreams
In your wildest
You could hear the loudest screams, comin' from inside the screen
You a wild bitch
Tell me what I gotta do to be that guy
Said her price go down, she ever fuck a black guy
Or do anal, or do a gangbang
It's kinda crazy that's all considered the same thing
Well I guess alotta niggas do gang bang
And if we run trains, we all in the same gang
Runaway slaves all on a chain gang
Bang bang bang bang bang

Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we'll live a hell of a life

One day I'm gon' marry a porn star
We'll have a big ass crib and a long yard
We'll have a mansion and some fly maids
Nothin' to hide, we both screwed the bride's maid
She wanna role play, 'til I roll over
I'mma need a whole day, at least rolled doja
What party is we goin' to on Oscar day
'Specially if she can't get that dress from Oscar de
La Renta, they wouldn't rent her they couldn't take the shame
Snatched the dress off her back and told her, "Get away."
How could you say they live they life wrong?
When you never fuck with the lights on

Have you lost your mind?
Tell me when you think we crossed the line
No more drugs for me, pussy and religion is all I need
Grab my hand and baby we'll live a hell of a life

I think I fell in love with a porn star
And got married in a bathroom
Honeymoon on the dance floor
And got divorced by the end of the night
That's one hell of a life


Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call her names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call her names, names, for sure.

I'll call you bitch for short as a last resort and my first result.
You call me motherfucker for long,
At the end of it you know we both were wrong.

But I love to play the blame game, I love you more.
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call out names, names, for sure.


On a bathroom wall I wrote
"I'd rather argue with you than to be with someone else" (else, else, else)
I took a piss and dismiss it like fuck it and I went and found somebody else
Fuck arguing or harvesting the feelings, I'd rather be by my fucking self
Till about 2am and I call back and I hang up and start to blame myself
Somebody help

You weren't perfect but you made life worth it
Stick around, real feelings might surface
Been a long time since I spoke to you in a bathroom gripping you up fuckin and choking you
What the hell was I supposed to do
I know you aint getting this type of dick from that local dude
And if you are I hope you are have a good time
Cause I definitely be having mine

And you aint finna see a mogul get emotional
Every time I hear bout other nigga's stroking you
Might say I hit you
He sitting there consoling you
Runnin my name through the mud
Who's provoking you
You should be grateful a nigga like me ever noticed you
Now you noticeable and cant nobody can control you
1 A.M. and can't nobody get a hold of you
I'm calling your brothers phone like what was I supposed to do
Even though I knew, he never told the truth
He was just gon say whatever you gon told him too
At a certain point I had to stop asking questions
Chuck dirt on eachother like mud wrestlers
I heard he bought some coke with my money
Dat aint right girl
You getting blackmailed for that white girl
You always said Yeezy I ain't you're right girl
Probably find one of them "I like art" type girls
All of the lights, she was caught in the hype girl
And I was satisfied being in love with the lie
And who to blame, you to blame, me to blame
For the pain and it poured every time when it rained
Let's play the blame game...



Things used to be, now they not
Anything but us is who we are
Disguising ourselves as secret lovers
We've become public enemies
We walk away like strangers in the street
Gone for eternity
We erased one another
So far from where we came
With so much of everything, how do we leave with nothing
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of L-O-V-E
Hatred and attitude tear us entirely

Let's play the blame game, I love you, more
Let's play the blame game for sure.
Let's call out names, names, I hate you, more.
Let's call out names, names, for sure.

I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much
No, I can't love you this much
I can't love you this much

And I know that you are somehwere doing your thing
And when the phone called it just ring and ring
You aint pick up but your phone accidently called me back
And I heard the whole thing.
I heard the whole thing, the whole thing, the whole thing...

You're my devil, you're my angel
You're my heaven, you're my hell
You're my now, you're my forever
You're my freedom, you're my jail
You're my lies, you're my truth
You're my war, you're my truce
You're my questions, you're my proof
You're my stress and you're my masseuse
Mama-say mama-say ma-ma-coo-sah
Lost in this plastic life,
Let's break out of this fake ass party
Turn this into a classic night
If we die in each other's arms we still get laid in the afterlife
If we die in each other's arms we still get laid

[Chorus:]
(I'm lost in the world)
Run from the lights, run from the night,
(I'm down on my mind)
Run for your life,
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Down for the night
I'm lost in the world, been down for my whole life,
I'm new in the city but I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Down for the night

Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?

[Chorus:]
I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city, and I'm down for the night
Down for the night
Said she's down for the night
I'm lost in the world, I'm down on my mind
I'm new in the city and I'm goin' for a ride
Goin' for a ride
I'm lost in the world, been down for my whole life
I'm new in the city but I'm down the for the night
Down for a night, down for a good time
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Who will survive in America?
Us living as we do upside-down
And the new word to have is revolution
People don't even want to hear the preacher spill or spiel
Because God's whole card has been thoroughly piqued
And America is now blood and tears instead of milk and honey
The youngsters who were programmed
To continue fucking up woke up one night
Digging Paul Revere and Nat Turner as the good guys
America stripped for bed and we had not all yet closed our eyes
The signs of truth were tattooed across our often entered vagina
We learned to our amazement, the untold tale of scandal
Two long centuries buried in the musty vault
Hosed down daily with a gagging perfume
America was a bastard
The illegitimate daughter of the mother country
Whose legs were then spread around the world
And a rapist known as freedom, free-DOOM
Democracy, liberty, and justice were revolutionary code names
That preceded, the bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin' bubblin'
In the mother country's crotch
What does Webster say about soul?
"All I want is a good home and a wife
And a children, and some food to feed them every night"
After all is said and done, build a new route to China if they'll have you
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
WHO WILL SURVIVE IN AMERICA?
