I'm tryna keep my faith
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
This is everything
Deliver us serenity
Deliver us peace
Deliver us loving
We know we need it
You know we need it
You know we need it
That's why we need you now, oh,
I pray for Paris
Pray for the parents
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything, thing, thing, thing
We on an ultralight beam
We on an ultralight beam
This is a God dream
This is a God dream
This is everything
Everything
Just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
If I ever instigated I’m sorry
Tell me who in here can relate, I, I, I

Now if I fuck this model
And she just bleached her asshole
And I get bleach on my T-shirt
I'mma feel like an asshole
I was high when I met her
We was down in Tribeca
She get under your skin if you let her
She get under your skin if you-uh
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to talk about it
I don't even want to say nothing
Everybody gon' say something
I'd be worried if they said nothing
Remind me where I know you from?
She looking like she owe you some
You know just what we want
I want to wake up with you in my eyes
Just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
If I ever instigated I’m sorry
Tell me who in here can relate, I, I, I
I go, I go, ay ay, I go
Up in the morning, miss you bad
Sorry I ain't called you back
The same problem my father had
All his time, all he had, all he had
In what he dreamed
All his cash, market crashed
Hurt him bad, people get divorced for that
Drops some stacks pops is good
Mama pass in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Driving fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm coming back
I'll be taking all the stacks
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Taking all the stacks, oh
Stacks, oh
Taking all the stacks, oh
I go, I go, ay ay, I go
Up in the morning, miss you bad
Sorry I ain't called you back
The same problem my father had
All his time, all he had, all he had
In what he dreamed
All his cash, market crashed
Hurt him bad, people get divorced for that
Drops some stacks pops is good
Mama pass in Hollywood
If you ask, lost my soul
Driving fast, lost control
Off the road, jaw was broke
'Member we all was broke
'Member I'm coming back
I'll be taking all the stacks
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
I just want to feel liberated, I, I, I
Taking all the stacks, oh
Stacks, oh
Taking all the stacks, oh
For all my Southside niggas that know me best
I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex
Why? I made that bitch famous (God damn)
I made that bitch famous
For all the girls that got dick from Kanye West
If you see 'em in the streets give 'em Kanye's best
Why? They mad they ain't famous (God damn)
They mad they're still nameless (Talk that talk, man)
Her man in the store tryna try his best
But he just can't seem to get Kanye fresh
But we still hood famous (God damn)
Yeah we still hood famous
I be Puerto Rican day parade floatin'
That Benz Marina Del Rey coastin'
She be Puerto Rican day parade wavin'
Last month I helped her with the car payment
Young and we alive, whoo!
We never gonna die, whoo!
I just copped a jet to fly over personal debt
Put one up in the sky
The sun is in my eyes, whoo!
Woke up and felt the vibe, whoo!
No matter how hard they try, whoo!
We never gonna die
Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We bout to get this paper

Money never made me
Make me do something? Nah, can't make me
Even if the money low, can't pay me
Even if the money low, can't play me

Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We bout to get this paper

Pablo bought a Roley and a rottweiler
Seem like the more fame, I only got wilder
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I’ve been saying how I feel at the wrong time
Might not come when you want but I'm on time

Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on me, huh? Had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
We 'bout to get this paper

I can’t let these people play me
Name one genius that ain't crazy
Follow our father
You borrow our motto
I'm a Chicago south sider
I'm a Chicago south sider

Ayy, y'all heard about the good news?
Y'all sleeping on your boy, had a good snooze?
Wake up, nigga, wake up
It's time to get the paper

I've been outta my mind a long time
I've been outta my mind a long time
I know, I know, I shouldn’t even bother
With all these gossiping, no-pussy-getting bloggers
Fashion show in Gotham, I need another costume
PETA's mad cause I made a jacket outta possum
Awesome, Steve Jobs mixed with Steve Austin
Rich slave in the fabric store picking cotton
If Hov J then every Jordan need a Rodman
Man, Jay, they don't really want no problems
Driving in the same car that they killed Pac in
Driving in the same uh that they killed Pac in
Hands up, we just doing what the cops taught us
Hands up, hands up, then the cops shot us

Hold on, hold on, hold on
Wait a second, everybody here, I'm the ghetto Oprah
You know what that mean? You get a fur! You get a fur!
You get a jet! You get a jet! Big booty bitch for you! Woo!
g & Kanye West:]
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
Tell everybody I'm back in town
High lights
Tell my baby I'm back in town
High lights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to only be highlights
Can we play that back one time?
And after that night I'm gon' wanna play shit back, I don't know
Sometimes I'm wishin' that my dick had GoPro
So I could play that shit back in slo-mo
I just shot an amateur video; I think I should go pro
We only makin' the highlights
We only makin' the highlights
Tell my mama, tell my mama, that I only want my whole life to be mine
I bet me and Ray J would be friends
If we ain't love the same bitch
Yeah, he might have hit it first
Only problem is I'm rich
Uh
21 Grammys, superstar family
We the new Jacksons, I'm all about that action
I'm about that Farrakhan
Life is a marathon
I'ma shift the paradigm
I'ma turn up every time
I'ma bust a coach's head open on some Diddy shit
If he ever talk to my son like an idiot
One time for a nigga really gettin' it
Two times cause we got the whole city lit
Advice to all my niggas, impregnate Bridget
Soon as she have a baby she gon' make another nigga
Got the Fruit of Islam in the trenches hah?
Even though they know Yeezus is a Christian hah?
She spent her whole check on some Christians
And that girl ain't even religious
Walkin', livin', breathin', girl you know my past well
Hard to believe in God, your nigga got killed
Blac Chyna fuckin' Rob, help him with the weight
I wish my trainer would, tell me what I overate
So when I'm on vacay, I need to kick back
What you want?
You want a boss or an R&B nigga with a six pack?
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
I need every bad bitch up in Equinox
I need to know right now if you a freak or not
This that rap god shit nigga
I rip every one of these motherfuckers down
Aye, rah, rah, rah
Rah, rah

Close eyes, see things
Fire up, tweaking
You in my freak dreams
You in my freak dreams
Bad bitch, you dig that
Get stacks, drive cars
Whip out, bitch out
Tits out, oh shit
My dick out, can she suck it right now?
Fuck, can she fuck right now?
I done asked twice now
Can you bring your price down?
Lil Boosie with the wipe down
A little woozy but I'm nice now
What the fuck right now?
What the fuck right now?
What the, what the fuck right now?
What if we fuck right now?
What if we fucked right in the middle
Of this motherfuckin' dinner table?
What if we just fucked at the Vogue party
Would we be the life of the whole party?
Shut down the whole party
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'?
Would everybody start fuckin'? They don't want nothin'
You motherfuckers living like half of your level, half of your life
I smack her on her ass if she ghetto, I ain't gon' lie
We be in the bathroom fucking like baby don't get too loud
I can, I can sing it, yeah
I miss the old Kanye, straight from the 'Go Kanye
Chop up the soul Kanye, set on his goals Kanye
I hate the new Kanye, the bad mood Kanye
The always rude Kanye, spaz in the news Kanye
I miss the sweet Kanye, chop up the beats Kanye
I gotta to say, at that time I'd like to meet Kanye
See I invented Kanye, it wasn't any Kanyes
And now I look and look around and there's so many Kanyes
I used to love Kanye, I used to love Kanye
I even had the pink Polo, I thought I was Kanye
What if Kanye made a song, about Kanye?
Called "I Miss The Old Kanye," man that'd be so Kanye
That's all it was Kanye, we still love Kanye
And I love you like Kanye loves Kanye
Step up in this bitch like (turn it up!)
I'm the one your bitch like
Yeah I'm the one your bitch like
And I be talkin' shit like
I ain't scared to lose a fistfight
And she grabbin' on my dick like
She wanna see if it'll fit right
That's just the wave
Sun don't shine in the shade (turn it up!)
Bird can't fly in a cage (turn it up!)
Even when somebody go away (turn it up!)
The feelings don't really go away
That's just the wave (yeah)
I been waiting for a minute
For my lady
So I can't jeopardize that for one of these hoes
I been living without limits
As far as my business
I'm the only one that's in control
I been feeling all I've given
For my children
I will die for those I love
God, I'm willing
To make this my mission
Give up the women
Before I lose half of what I own
I been thinking
About my vision
Pour out my feelings
Revealing the layers to my soul, my soul
The layers to my soul
Revealing the layers to my soul
See, before I let you go
One last thing I need to let you know
You ain't never seen nothing crazier than
This nigga when he off his Lexapro
Remember that last time in Mexico
Remember that last time, the episode
Asking me why the hell I text in code
Four times that you say don't text me hoe
Told you four times, don't test me, hoe
Now we finna lose all self-control
But you ain't finna be raising your voice at me
Especially when we in the Giuseppe store
But I'mma have the last laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
Yeah, I'mma have the laugh in the end
Cause I'm from a tribe called check a hoe
And I...
See through the veil
And forget all of your cares
Throw them, throw them away
Don't stop your loving
Don't stop for nothing
No, not for nothing
They don't wanna see me love you
Nah, don't stop it
They always love it
They always wanna
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
They don't wanna see me love you
See through the veil
And forget all your cares
Throw them, throw them away
Oh, life's a feeling
Oh, the body's a feeling
Real friends, how many of us?
How many of us, how many jealous? Real friends
It's not many of us, we smile at each other
But how many honest? Trust issues
Switched up the number, I can't be bothered
I cannot blame you for havin' an angle
I ain't got no issues, I'm just doin' my thing
Hope you're doin' your thing too
I'm a deadbeat cousin, I hate family reunions
Fuck the church up, I'm drinkin' at the communion
Spillin' free wine, now my tux is ruined
In town for a day, what the fuck we doin'?
Who your real friends? We all came from the bottom
I'm always blamin' you, but what's sad, you're not the problem
Damn I forgot to call her, shit I thought it was Thursday
Why you wait a week to call my phone in the first place?
When was the last time I remembered a birthday?
When was the last time I wasn't in a hurry?
Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I?
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him

I couldn't tell you how old your daughter was
Couldn't tell you how old your son is
I got my own Jr. on the way, dawg
Plus I already got one kid
Couldn't tell you much about the fam though
I just showed up for the yams though
Maybe 15 minutes, took some pictures with your sister
Merry Christmas, then I'm finished, then it's back to business
You wanna ask some questions 'bout some real shit?
Like I ain't got enough pressure to deal with
Please don't pressure me with that bill shit
Cause everybody got 'em, that ain't children
Oh you've been nothin' but a friend to me
Niggas thinkin' I'm crazy, you defendin' me
It's funny I ain't spoke to niggas in centuries
To be honest, dawg I ain't feelin' your energy
Money turn your kin into an enemy
Niggas ain't real as they pretend to be

Lookin' for all my real friends
How many of us? How many of us are real friends
To real friends, to the real end
'Til the wheels fall off, 'til the wheels don't spin
To 3 A.M., callin'
How many real friends?
Just to ask you a question
Just to see how you was feelin'
How many?
For the last you was frontin'
I hate when a nigga text you like, "what's up, fam, oh you good?"
You say, "I'm good" then great, the next text they ask you for somethin'
How many?
What's best for your family, immediate or extended
Any argument, the media'll extend it
I had a cousin that stole my laptop that I was fuckin' bitches on
Paid that nigga 250 thousand just to get it from him
Real friends
Huh?

Real friends
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Word on the streets is they ain't heard from him
I guess I get what I deserve, don't I
Talked down on my name, throwed dirt on him
Lost out, beat up
Dancin', down there
I found you, somewhere out
'Round 'round there, right right there
Lost and beat up
Down there, dancin'
I found you, somewhere out
Right down there, right 'round there

Lost and, found out
Turned out, how you thought
Daddy, found out
How you turned out, how you turned out
If mama knew now
How you turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, I need you now
Got to love you
Found you, found you
Right now, right now
Right now, right now
If your mama knew how
You turned out, you too wild
You too wild, you too wild
You too wild, and I need you now
Lost and found now

You gotta let me know if I could be your Joseph
Only tell you real shit, that's the tea, no sip
Don't trip, don't trip, that pussy slippery, no whip
We ain't trippin' on shit, we just sippin' on this
Just forget the whole shit, we could laugh about nothin'
I impregnate your mind, let's have a baby without fuckin', yo
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
I know it's corny bitches you wish you could unfollow
I know it's corny niggas you wish you could unswallow
You tried to play nice, everybody just took advantage
You left your fridge open, somebody just took a sandwich
I said baby what if you was clubbin'
Thuggin', hustlin' before you met your husband?
Then I said, "What if Mary was in the club
When she met Joseph around hella thugs?
Cover Nori in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
"What if Mary was in the club
'Fore she met Joseph with no love?
Cover Saint in lambs' wool
We surrounded by the fuckin' wolves"
Baby lion goes
Where the islands go

You say you never saw this comin', well you're not alone
Million dollar renovations to a happy home
My ex says she gave me the best years of her life
I saw a recent picture of her, I guess she was right
I wake up, assessin' the damages
Checkin' MediaTakeOut
Pictures of me drunk walkin' out with a bitch
But it's blurry enough to get the fake out
I wake up, all veggies no eggs
I hit the gym, all chest no legs
Yep, then I made myself a smoothie
Yeah, then me and wifey make a movie
Chicago - St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
Ándale Ándale E.I, E.I, uh, oh
You had me drivin' far enough to switch the time zone
You was the best of all time at the time though
Yeah, you wasn't mine though

But I still drove 30 hours
But still drove 30 hours to you

I remember rapping for Jay and Cam
Young producer just trying to get his flows off
I remember being nervous to do Victoria Secret
'Til I pictured everybody with they clothes off
Expedition was Eddie Bauer edition
I'm drivin' with no winter tires in December
Skrrt skrrt skrrt like a private school for women
Then I get there and all the Popeye's is finished, girl
You don't love me, you just pretendin'
I need that happy beginnin', middle and endin'
Chicago, St. Louis, St. Louis to Chicago
It's gettin' hot in hurr, that's all that I know
Got a hotel room, 3 stars for you
You call down for an omelet
Girl it's 5 in the morning
You realize we at the DoubleTree, not the Aria
Only thing open is Waffle House, girl don't start with me
I used the Western Union for you like it's no prob
Cause you was in college complainin' about it's no jobs
But you were suckin' a nigga's dick the whole time
Well I guess a blowjob's better than no job

And I drove back 30 hours

Were remains that long to lose sad
Better unsaid
Always turn, oh

[with André 3000:]
3 stacks, can you help me out?
30 hours
Yeah, this the type of shit you ride out to
30 hours
30 hours
I just be like, it was my idea to have an open relationship
Now a nigga mad
Now I'm 'bout to drive 90 miles like Matt Barnes to kill...
30 hours
Just to kill..
Just to...
Just to...
I'm about to drive 90
90 miles like Matt Barnes just to whoop a nigga ass
It was my idea and now a nigga
30 hours
Now a nigga mad, now a nigga, uh
A stunna
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh
Duh-duh with you, yeah
30 hours
You know what I'm sayin'? Drop some shit like that
Ay, woop him after school just to
30 hours
Whoop him after school just to show I got class
Uh, 3 Stacks
30 hours
30 hours
Just ride out to that
Check it out, this the bonus track, this the bonus
My favorite albums just have like bonus joints like this
That's why they kick it off like this
Just did that Madison Square Garden
30 hours
Had to put the flyest nigga on this shit
The pyramids shall rise
30 hours
Look at all these Ultralight Beams flowin'
For all the moms, dads, the kids, the families that shared this moment with us
Let's rock out for 'bout
30 hours
You know, ay you know
Ay, you know, ay, you know
30 hours
Whole design team, Yeezy team, music team
Remember when the whole block'd get shout out?
This my version of a shout out track
30 hours
Let that mothafucka rock, let that, let that, yeah
To my brother Yasiin, holding it out in Africa
30 hours
To my family, thank you for holding me down
The media be after us
That's Gabe calling
Yo Gabe
I'm just doing a... just doing an adlib track right now
What's up?
30 hours
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more (Los Angeles)
Please (shake that body, party that bod-)
Please (shake that body, party that body)
Please (shake that body, party that body)
Hey baby you forgot your Ray Bans
And my sheets still orange from your spray tan
Scary
Scary
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA

Friday night tryna make it into the city
Breakneck speeds, passenger seat something pretty
Thinking back to how I got here in the first place
Second class bitches wouldn't let me on first base
A backpack nigga with luxury taste buds
And the Louis Vuitton store, got all of my pay stubs
Got pussy from beats I did for niggas more famous
When did I become A list? I wasn't even on a list
Strippers get invited to where they only get hired
When I get on my Steve Jobs, somebody gon' get fired
I was uninspired since Lauryn Hill retired
And 3 Stacks, man, you preach it to the choir
Any rumor you heard about me was true and legendary
I done got Lewinsky and paid secretaries
For all my niggas with babies by bitches
That use their kids as meal tickets
Not knowing the disconnect from the father
The next generation will be the real victims
I can't fault 'em really
I remember Amber told my boy no matter what happens she ain't going back to Philly
Back to our regularly scheduled programmin'
Of weak content of slow jammin'
But don't worry, this one's so jammin'
You know it, L.A., it's so jammin'
I be thinkin' every day
Mulholland Drive, need to put up some god damn barricades
I be paranoid every time
The pressure, the problem ain't I be drivin'
The problem is I be textin'
My psychiatrist got kids that I inspired
First song they played for me was 'bout their friend that just died
Textin' and drivin' down Mulholland Drive
That's why I'd rather take the 405
I be worried 'bout my daughter, I be worried 'bout Kim
But Saint is baby Ye, I ain't worried 'bout him
I had my life threatened by best friends who had selfish intents
What I'm supposed to do?
Ride around with a bulletproof car and some tints?
Every agent I know know I hate agents
I'm too black, I'm too vocal, I'm too flagrant
Something smellin' like shit, that's the new fragrance
It's just me, I do it my way, bitch
Some days I'm in my Yeezys, some days I'm in my Vans
If I knew y'all made plans I wouldn't have popped the Xans
I know some fans who thought I wouldn't rap like this again
But the writer's block is over, emcees cancel your plans
I'm 38 years old, a 8 year old with rich nigga problems
Tell my wife that I hate the Rolls so I ain't never drive it
It took 6 months to take the Maybach all matted out
And my assistant crashed as soon as they backed it out
God damn, got a bald fade, I might slam
Pink fur, got Nori dressing like Cam, thank God for me
Whole family gettin' money, thank God for E!
I love rockin' jewelry, a whole neck full
Bitches say he funny and disrespectful
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my shoes
I feel like Pablo when I see me on the news
I feel like Pablo when I'm workin' on my house
Tell 'em party's in here, we don't need to go out
We need the turbo thots, high speed, turbo thots
Drop-dro-dro-dro-drop it like Robocop
She brace herself and hold my stomach, good dick'll do that
She keep pushin' me back, good dick'll do that
She push me back when the dick go too deep
This good dick'll put your ass to sleep
Get money, money, money, money
Big, big money, money, money, money
And as far as real friends, tell my cousins I love 'em
Even the one that stole the laptop, you dirty motherfucker
Please, no more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more parties in LA
Please, baby, no more parties in LA, uh
No more (Los Angeles)
Dirt and grime and filth inside
The story of my lifetime
Of cheating, stealing, never feeling
Pain of a brother, your dirty mother
Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Yo!)

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I feel so accomplished
I done talked a lot of shit but I just did the numbers
Herzog and Adidas, man you know they love it
If Nike ain't have Drizzy, man they wouldn't have nothin', woo!
If Nike ain't have Don C, man they wouldn't have nothin', ooh!
But I'm all for the family, tell 'em, "Get your money"
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, they line up for days
Nike out here bad, they can't give shit away
I stuck to my roots, I'm like Jimmy Fallon
I ain't dropped the album but the shoes went platinum (Woo!)
Every time I talk they say I'm too aggressive
I was out here spazzin', all y'all get the message?
On the field I'm over-reckless, on my Odell Beckham
2020, I'ma run the whole election, yah!
I've been trending years, y'all a couple days
Yeezy in the house and we just got appraised
Nike, Nike treat employees just like slaves
Gave LeBron a billi' not to run away (Yo!)
10 thousand dollar fur for Nori, I just copped it (Yo!)
Your baby daddy won't even take your daughter shoppin' (Yo!)
I done wore designers I won't wear again
Make 'em niggas famous, they get arrogant

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman, ah!
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy just jumped over Jumpman
(Sonic boom!)

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, this is pure luxury
I give 'em grey poupon on a DJ Mustard, ah!
If you ain't poppin' shit then why you rap for? Haaan?
Plus Kimoji just shut down the app store, ah!
And we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute
(We did)
Yeah, we made a million a minute, we made a million a minute, ah!
Do anybody feel bad for Bill Cosby?
Did he forget the names just like Steve Harvey? (Yo!)
Tell Adidas that we need a million in production (Yo!)
I done told y'all, all I needed was the infrastructure (Boom!)
Now we hottest in the streets, it ain't no discussion
James Harden, Swaggy P runnin' up the budget (Yoga flame!)
Keep the work at my baby mama's mama's house
I'm a jerk, you need to work, you need to call my spouse
Yeezy, Yeezy, take a picture with me on Rodeo
Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy, I might do my own hotel
Couches, couches, couches, couches, which one should I pick?
I need extra deep, I like my bitches extra thick (sonic boom!)
Every time I see the news, man it bring me home
Call up DJ Mano, shout out Twilite Tone
We just blessed to be alive, yeah ain't that the truth?
So let's celebrate the life of Timbuck2
Timbuck2, Timbuck2

Ha, ha, ha, look how far we are, are, are, are, are, are, are
(Perfect!)
Roll up, roll up
Hold up, hold up
Po' up, po' up
I feel it
I love to
I wanna
I'm tryna
I feel it
I'ma rock the boat
Work the middle 'til it hurt a little
I feel it
Your love is fadin'
I feel it
Yeah, 9: 08 L.A. time
Back in the lab and shit
My wife said, I can't say no to nobody
And at this rate we gon' both die broke
Got friends that ask me for money knowing I'm in debt
And like my wife said, I still didn't say no
People tryna say I'm going crazy on Twitter
My friends best advice was to stay low
I guess it's hard to decipher all of the bills
Especially when you got family members on payroll
The media said it was outlandish spending
The media said he's way out of control
I just feel like I'm the only one not pretending
I'm not out of control, I'm just not in their control
I know I'm the most influential
That TIME cover was just confirmation
This generation's closest thing to Einstein
So don't worry about me, I'm fine
I can see a thousand years from now in real life
Skate on the paradigm and shift it when I feel like
Grow conventional thought, don't need to question
I know it's antiquated so sometimes I get aggressive
Thank God For Jay Electra, he down with the mission
Did it with no permission, on our own conditions
Most Blacks with money have been beaten to submission
Yeezy with the big house, did it way different
Never listen to Hollywood producers
Don't stare at money too long, it's Medusa
The ultimate Gemini has survived
I wasn't supposed to make it past 25
I've been waking the spirits of millions more to come
A million illegally downloaded my truth over the drums
I believe in the children, listen to the kids, bro
If the phone ringing, go and get your kids ho
Brother Don Muhammad told the minister about the presentation
He sat back and smiled
Black on black lies is worse than black on black crime
The Jews share they truth on how to make a dime
Most black men couldn't balance a cheque-book
But buy a new car, talking 'bout how my neck look?
Well it all looks great
Four hundred years later, we buying our own chains
The light is before us brothers, so the devil working hard
Real family stick together and see through the mirage
The smokescreens, perceptions of false reality
Who the real owner if your boss gets a salary?
I am one with the people
I am one with the people, real
I've awoken from an enlightened man's dream
Checking Instagram comments to crowd-source my self-esteem
Let me not say too much or do too much
Cause if I'm up way too much, I'm out of touch
I'm praying a out-of-body experience will happen
So the people can see my light, now it's not just rapping
God, I have humbled myself before the court
Drop my ego and confidence was my last resort
I know, I know he got a plan, I know I'm on your beams
One set of footsteps, you was carrying me
When I turned on the news and they was burying me
One set of footsteps, you was carrying me
When I was negotiating with Apple, it was Larry and me
Told Tim Cook to call me, I was scary to see
I would've took a hundred million and gave twenty to Hov
I heard it's the way they did it when we only had the stove
But it's better that I stayed at home with my folks
Cause if Jay a billionaire then I'mma never go broke
Only thing I ask is next time I'm on stage we all go
We all go
Not just by myself, looking for niggas like where's Waldo
She got the same shoes as my wife but she copped 'em at Aldo
Modern day MJ with an off-the-wall flow
