Coke on her black skin made a stripe like a zebra
I call that jungle fever
You will not control the threesome
Just roll the weed up until I get me some
We formed a new religion
No sins as long as there’s permission’
And deception is the only felony
So never fuck nobody wit’out tellin’ me
Sunglasses and Advil
Last night was mad real
Sun comin’ up, 5 a.m.
I wonder if they got cabs still
Thinkin’ ’bout the girl in all-leopard
Who was rubbin’ the wood like Kiki Shepard
Two tattoos, one read “No Apologies”
The other said “Love is cursed by monogamy”
That’s somethin’ that the pastor don’t preach
That’s somethin’ that a teacher can’t teach
When we die, the money we can’t keep
But we probably spend it all ’cause the pain ain’t cheap
Preach
Lift off
Lift off, takin’ my coat off
Showin’ my tattoos, I’m such a showoff (Huh?)
I feel the pain and then rolled off
I got the whole city, they about to go off
How many niggas wit’ me up in this bitch?
How many people wanna roll with me now?
Like you know na na na, you know me by now
Know me, know me by now
Like you know na na na, you know me by now
Know me, know me by now
You know me know me by now
Know me, know me by now…
She said Ye can we get married at the mall?
I said look you need to crawl ‘fore you ball
Come and meet me in the bathroom stall
And show me why you deserve to have it all
Ball so hard
That shit cray (that shit cray), ain’t it Jay?
Ball so hard
What she order (what she order), fish filet
Ball so hard
Your whip so cold (whip so cold), this old thing
Ball so hard
Act like you’ll never be around motherfuckers like this again
Bougie girl, grab her hand
Fuck that bitch she don’t wanna dance
Excuse my French but I’m in France (I’m just sayin’)
Prince William’s ain’t do it right if you ask me
Cause I was him I would have married Kate & Ashley
What's Gucci my nigga?
What's Louis my killa?
What's drugs my deala?
What's that jacket, Margiela?
Doctors say I’m the illest
Cause I’m suffering from realness
Got my niggas in Paris
And they going gorillas, huh!
You are now watching the throne
Don’t let me get in my zone
These other niggas is lyin’
Actin’ like the summer ain’t mine
You know how many hot bitches I own?
Don’t let me get in my zone [4x]
The stars is in the building
They hands is to the ceiling
I know I’m bout to kill it
How you know, I got that feeling
You are now watching the throne
Don’t let me into my zone
"Damn Yeezy and Hov', where the hell you been?"
Niggaz talkin real reckless, stuntmen
I adopted these niggaz, Phillip Drummond 'em
Now I'm 'bout to make 'em tuck they whole summer in
They say I'm crazy, well I'm 'bout to go dumb again
They ain't see me cause I pulled up in my other Benz
Last week I was in my other other Benz
Throw your diamonds up cause we in this bitch another 'gain
I made "Jesus Walks" I'm never goin to hell
Couture level flow, it's never goin on sale
Luxury rap, the Hermes of verses
Sophisticated ignorance, write my curses in cursive
I get it custom, you a customer
You ain't 'custommed to goin through customs, you ain't been nowhere, huh?
And all the ladies in the house got 'em showin off
I'm done, I'll hit you up maña-naaaaaaaaaa!
Can't you see the private jets flyin over you?
Maybach bumper sticker read "What would Hova do?"
Jay is chillin (uhh) 'Ye is chillin (uhh)
What more can I say? (What more can I say?) We killin 'em
Hold up, before we end this campaign
As you can see we done bodied the damn lanes
Lord, please let them accept the things they can't change
And pray that all of their pain be champagne
Turn my headphones up
Louder
Uh-huh, uh-huh

(What you need, what, what you need)
(What you need, what, what you need)
Oh (I got what you need)

Hello, hello, hello, White America, assassinate my character
Money matrimony, yeah, they tryna break the marriage up
Who gon’ act phonier? Who gon’ try to embarrass ya?
I’ma need a day off, I think I’ll call Ferris up
Had a conference with the DJs (Yeah), Puerto Rico three-days
(Parlay with them GDs, now they got our shit on replay)
Sorry I’m in pajamas, but I just got off the PJ
And last party we had, they shut down Prive
(Ain’t that where the Heat play?) Yep (Niggas hate ballers these days)
Ain’t that like LeBron James? (Ain’t that just like D-Wade)
(Wait)
Yeah, uh
(Sun in the sky)
(You know how I feel)
Me and the RZA connect
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
Yeah, me and the RZA connect
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
(It’s a new life for me)
(For me, for me)
(Oooh, oooh)
(And I’m feelin’ good)

And I’ll never let my son have an ego
He’ll be nice to everyone, wherever we go
I mean, I might even make ‘em be Republican
So everybody know he love white people
And I’ll never let ‘em leave his college girlfriend
And get caught up with the groupies in the whirlwind
And I’ll never let ‘em ever hit the telethon
I mean even if people dyin’ and the world ends
See, I just want ‘im to have an easy life, not like Yeezy life
Just want ‘im to be someone people like
Don’t want ‘im to be hated, all the time judged
Don’t be like your daddy that would never budge
And I’ll never let ‘im ever hit a strip club
I learned the hard way, that ain’t the place to get love
And I’ll never let his mom move to L.A.
Knowin’ she couldn’t take the pressure, now we all pray

(Sun in the sky)
(You know how I feel)
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
(Breeze driftin’ on by)
(It’s a new life for me)
Me and the RZA connect
(For me, for me)
Me and the RZA connect (Oooh, oooh)
(And I’m feelin’ good)
Hello, can I speak to a, a, yeah you know who you are
Look, you had no idea what ya dealing with
Something on some of this realest shit
Something, something
Yeah. thats my bitch

Thats my bitch
Sh-shorty right there
Thats my bitch
Thats my bitch
You have no idea what you're dealing with
Something on some of this realest shit
Pop some nines, so I give you the Fifth
Something, something, yeah

That's my bitch, That's my bitch
Sh-shorty right there? That's my bitch
That's my bitch
I asked her where she wanna be when she 25.
She turned around and looked at me and she said "alive"
Why I pray so hard, this is crazy God
Just when I thought I had everything, I lost it all
So que sera, get a case of Ciroc
Let it chase the pain, before it goes too far
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
Til I die I’ma fuckin’ ball
Now who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Niggas talkin’, they bitch made, Ix-nay off my dicks-nay
That’s pig Latin, itch-bay
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Last night ain’t go so well
Got kicked up out the hotel
Got a little freaky like Marvin Albert
Yes! Tell Howard Cosell
You just a commentator, if you getting paper
Everybody I know from the hood got common haters
In some relations, you just supposed to say none
Heard she fucked the doorman
Well that’s cool I fucked the waitress
Heard Yeezy was racist, well, I guess that’s on one basis
I only like green faces

This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the Lord
Til I die I’ma fuckin’ ball

Now who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Y’all weed purple, my money purple
Y’all Steve Urkel, I’m Oprah circle
I wrote the verse, that I hope will hurt you
This is something like the Holocaust
Millions of our people lost
Bow our heads and pray to the lord
Til I die, I’ma fuckin’ ball

Now who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
Who gon’ stop me?
Who gon’ stop me huh?
The paper read murder, black on black murder
The paper read murder, black on black murder
And I’m from the murder capital, where they murder for capital
Heard about at least 3 killings this afternoon
Lookin’ at the news like damn I was just with him after school,
No shop class but half the school got a tool,
And I could die any day type attitude
Plus his little brother got shot reppin’ his avenue
It’s time for us to stop and re-define black power
41 souls murdered in 50 hours

The paper read murder, black on black murder,
The paper read murder, black on black murder again
Murder again…

Is it genocide?
Cause I can still hear his momma cry, know the family traumatized
Shots left holes in his face, bout piranha-size
The old pastor closed the cold casket
And said the church ain’t got enough room for all the tombs
It’s a war going on outside, we ain’t safe from
I feel the pain in my city wherever I go
314 soldiers died in Iraq
509 died in Chicago
The paper read murder, black on black murder,
The paper read murder, black on black murder again
Black on black murder again
Black on black murder again
Yea it’s all messed up when it’s nowhere to go
So we won’t take the time out til we reach the T O P
From paroles to hold G’s, sold keys, low keys
We like the promised land of the OG’s
In the past if you picture events like a black tie
What’s the last thing you expect to see, black guys
What’s the life expectancy for black guys?
The system’s working effectively, that’s why
I’ll be a real man, take care of your son
Every problem you had before this day is now done
New crib, watch a movie
Cause ain’t nothin’ on the news but the blues
Hit the mall, pick up some Gucci
Now ain’t nothin’ new but your shoes
Sunday morning, praise the Lord
You the girl that Jesus had been saving me for
So let’s savor this moment, and take it to the floor
Black excellence, truly yours
I told my mama I was on the come up
She said "you going to school I'll give you a summer"
Then she met NO ID and gave me his number
10 years later she driving a Hummer
Niggas hustle every day for a beat from Ye
What I do? Turn around, gave them beats to Jay
And I'm rapping on the beat they was supposed to buy
I guess I'm getting high off my own supply
Downtown mixing fabrics trying to find the magic
Started a little blog just to get some traffic
Old folks'll tell you not to play in traffic
A million hits and the web crashes – damn!
South Park had 'em all laughing
Now all my niggas designing and we all swaggin'
Ignore the critics just to say we did it
This ain't no fashion show, motherfucker, we live it
Showed love to you niggas
You ripped out my heart and you stepped on it
I picked up the pieces, before you swept on it
God damn this shit leaves a mess don’t it
Shit feelin’ like death don’t it
Charge it to the game, whatever’s left on it
I spent about a minute, maybe less on it
Fly pelican fly, turn the jets on it
But first I shall digress on it
Wasn’t I a good king?
(Maybe too much of a good thing, huh?)
Didn’t I spoil you? Me or the money, what you loyal to?
(Huh, I gave you my loyalty)
Made you royalty and royalties
(Took care of these niggas lawyer fees)
And this is how niggas rewardin’ me
(Damn)
