Raps just make me anxious and acid made me crazy
Them squares just made me looser and that wax just made me lazy
And I still make this song, and I'm a make another
If you ever actually hit me, better watch out for my brother
Better bet I'd take that deal, gotta watch out for my mother
Get a watch with all that glitters, come in clutters, different colors
Ben A Baller, Benford, Butler's, Chauffeur's, hit a stain-er, did I stutter?
Did a ton of drugs and did better than all my Alma mater
Motherfucker money dance, hundreds zan, gotta lean
Make a joke bout Leno's hair then piggy back on Fallon's spleen
Balancing on sporadicity and fucking pure joy
Nightly searches for a bed and I just came off tour with Troy
But I can't complain I got some motherfucking business
How many lab partners have I fucked since I got suspended?
Mr. Bennett, you done did it, you did it, you did it
You did a good ass job, you did a good ass job
And I'm good
Work, work, work, work, bang nigga, bang
Twerk, twerk, merge, swerve, Deng, pick a lane
Flip a bird; pigeon, plane, it's a word, it's a shame
But God I'm good, swear I couldn't be better
Kicking dirt on the shirts of the lames
Keep a tab on my exes, keep some "x" on my tongue
Keep my work out in Texas, that's just me flexing my lungs
See them showing they teeth, that's just them flapping they gums
If they bite and I'm snapping clap clap collapsing they lungs
Call me Chancellor The Rapper, please say "The Rapper"
Magical word (poof), please say 'Kadabra
Replay the replays; Green Bay to Packers
Cremate your teammates and freebase the ashes
Matches to gas leaks, dusted dusk till dawn
It's just us, and trust ya bottom bitch, my stuff the fucking bomb
I'm the motherfucking fucker, fuck a niggas fucking dumb
This your favorite fucking album and ain't even fucking done
Even better than I was the last time baby... Oh oh oh oh ooh
Yo we back
I'm good, so good
And we back and we back
Ten damn days
And all I got to show for it is shoes and shows and chauffeurs with road rage
Still the same damn ad-lib: IGH!, always
Still gotta letterman, no practice
Still gotta burner man, no lacking
Still outtin Jams nigga, no Jackson
No Jordan and we toe-tagging
I'll take you to land, where the lake made of sand
And the milk don't pour and the honey don't dance
And the money ain't yours
Now it's just a red pill,
Got a blue and a hand full of Advils
I'm the new Nitty, fuck it Nitty the the old me
So I'm a tell the buyer what Nitty told me
I got that Mmm Mmm
I got that God damn
I'm yo pusha man
I'm yo, I'm yo pusha man
Pimp slapping, toe taggin
I'm just tryna fight the man
I'm yo pusha man
I'm yo, I'm yo pusha man
You a laaaaaaaame, and your bitch break down my weed sometimes
See my face in the streets, in the tweets
And a Reader or a Redeye if you read Sun-Times
She got blisters on her knees, she's a fiend for the D
Even though I only beat one time
One time it was one two times
It was two plus me equals threesome time
Shouts out to Nate, I jackball and I bop, I flex
Got neck from all these thots I sex
Rastafari them shottas yes
House safari, mi casa, yes
Poppy fields of that popeye
She came to party, she popped a Molly
Said "come to papa", she said "papa, yes"
I've been riding around with my blunt on my lips
With the sun in my eyes, and my gun on my hip
Paranoia on my mind, got my mind on the fritz
But a lotta niggas dying, so my 9 with the shits
Move to the neighborhood, I bet they don't stay for good, watch
Somebody'll steal daddy's rollie, and call it the neighborhood watch
Pray for a safer hood when my paper good, watch
Captain save the hood, hood savior, baby boy, still get ID'd for swishers
Mama still wash my clothes, still with Save Money militia
I'm a still watch my bros
Trapped in the middle of the map, with a little bitty rock
And a little bit of rap
That with a literary knack and a little shitty Mac
And like literally jack
They murking kids, they murder kids here
Why you think they don't talk about it? They deserted us here
Where the fuck is Matt Lauer at? Somebody get Katie Couric in here
Probably scared of all the refugees, look like we had a fucking hurricane here
They be shooting whether it's dark or not, I mean the days is pretty dark a lot
Down here it's easier to find a gun than it is to find a fucking parking spot
No love for the opposition, specifically a cop position,
Cause they've never been in our position
Getting violations for the nation, correlating, you dry snitching
I know you scared, you should ask us if we scared, too.
I know you scared, me too.
I know you scared, you should ask us if we scared, too.
If you was there, then we just knew you'd care, too.
It just got warm out, this this shit I've been warned about.
I hope that it storm in the morning, I hope that it's pouring out.
I hate crowded beaches, I hate the sound of fireworks.
And I ponder what's worse between knowing it's over and dying first.
Cause everybody dies in the summer.
Wanna say ya goodbyes, tell them while it's spring.
I heard everybody's dying in the summer, so pray to God for a little more spring.

I know you scared, you should ask us if we scared, too.
If you was there, then we just knew you'd care, too.
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses

Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses

Okie dokie, alky. Keep it lowkey like Thor lil bro
Or he'll go blow the loudy, saudy of sour Saudi
Wiley up off peyote, wilding like that coyote
If I sip any Henny, my belly just might be outtie
Pull up inside a huggy, Starsky & Hutch a dougie
I just opened up the pack in an hour I'll ash my lucky
Tonight she just yelling "Fuck me"
Two weeks she'll be yelling fuck me
Used to like orange cassette tapes with Timmy, Tommy, and Chuckie
And Chuck E. Cheese's pizzas, Jesus pieces, sing Jesus love me
Put Visine inside my eyes so my grandma would fucking hug me
Oh generation above me, I know you still remember me
My afro look just like daddy's, y'all taught me how to go hunting (BLAM!)

Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses

Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my memories, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I think we all addicted

Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses
Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my memories, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I think we all addicted

Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses

Cigarettes on cigarettes, my mama think I stank
I got burn holes in my hoodies, all my homies think it's dank
I miss my cocoa butter kisses, I miss my cocoa butter kisses
Thirsty, thirsty, trynna choose
I mean I know, I'm pretty cool
My Nitty bag, my kitty boost
I got the juice, I got the juice
CHANO, Chathams own
Foolies glad I'm home
Even my haters kinda glad I'm on
Rest In Peace to my Vagabond
Rapper song, singer - suspended, subpoena
For misdemeanors, dreamer, held back ass is lowkey still a senior
And I still shake up BO Squad, praying for my BroGods
City on the Come Up, shout that nigga Sosa!
Shout my nigga Fat Trel, shout my nigga Joseph
Playing Buenos Aires while they sleepin' Buenos Noches!
Wonder if I wrote this cause it's so crisp
The most brokest cold stock broker winter solstice
I could win an Oscar, Russian Accent Husky
Acid addict, Costly avid Actor
Kevin Costner

AHHHHHHHHH! TURN UP TURN UP!
Juice! (Juice!)
Juice! (Juice!)
Juice! (Juice!)
Juice! (Juice!)
I got the juice, I got the juice (YUP)
Juice! (Juice!)
Juice! (Juice!)
Juice! (Juice!)
Juice! (Juice!)
I got the juice, I got the juice (YUP)
God give me one sentence more
Maybe I just gotta get suspended more?
Hash tag it, get mentions for it
Make you love it, get it trending more
And then act humble
Hear some bull that some dude mumble
Wantin' to jump dude, but let that nigga punk you
Knowin bitch niggas wanna bring guns to the rumbles, igh!
But I love y'all souls
Don't let the juice spill Pac!
Blue pill pop
Til you feel good enough to pop the popped bitch in the blue hills yop!
That one - drown in the juice nigga
Hunnid proof get "fountain-of-youth"ed nigga
Stop with all the trynna introduce nigga
Everybody know you dude you the new nigga!
Hows it feel to be you, yo no se
I ain't really been myself since Rod passed
I ain't even really need that shop class
I ain't really been weak since pops smashed
I'm a genius, a mothafuckin pop smash
Hit sensei, master
Jack and Lindsey, Wiley, Kembe
Been paid, 10Day been they FAFSA

AHHHHHHHHH! TURN UP TURN UP!
Yup, JUUUUUUUGO
You never tasted paper
Tripped, racing yaself trynna chase the paper
I just faced a Vega
And you love being Kobe when you make the lay up
Till you realize everybody in the world fuckin hates the Lakers, Hahaha
And then everybody wanna sip, til the juice spill everybody want a bib
And then everybody wanna dip
Told you I ain't worried, I ain't scared of the booth
All you can do is spit a verse of the truth
Merge the mixture with the purest and the fruits
And the thirst just the worst it's the curse of the juice
JUICE, JUICE, JUICE, JUICE. YUP.
JUICE, JUICE, JUICE, JUICE. YUP.

Yup.

Yup.

... Yup.

My druggy
Love me
When I'm ugly
Hug me
When I'm bummy, scummy
I'm your hubby
Let's get lost, let's get lost
Damn I'm in so deep
Probably cause you're empty
You can't even speak
Damn your mouth so minty
Ooh your mama hate me
Daddy wouldn't let you if he ever met me
If he ever met you
Put that shit behind us
And put this in your sinus
Mine is all up in my gums
Minus all that shit it's lined with
I say oh oh oh ohh
You been scratchin, you been fiendin
I'm a fix you, I'm a fuck you
I'm a get rid of them demons
It's my
My druggy
Love me
When I'm ugly
Hug me
When I'm bummy, scummy
I'm your hubby
Let's get lost, let's get lost
Damn I need a minute... aight lehgo
She fell in love, it fell apart... aight let go
She met her match, I let her match
She lit her match, she let me smoke
Yeah me mad petty, Yeah me bogus
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah me know
Yeah she knew too, it made her love it
Her pussy like me, her heart like fuck it
So dance for daddy like Gator
Ain't no partners on this trip
And lose yourself in my room
And find yourself in my grip
I'm sayin
What's good good?
And what's good evil?
And what's good gangstas?
And what's good people?
And whys God's phone die every time that I call on Him?
If his son had a Twitter wonder if I would follow him
Swallow them synonyms like cinnamon Cinnabon
Keep all them sentiments down to a minimum
Studious Gluteus Maxim models is sending him
Pics of they genitalia tallied up ten of em
I slurped too many pain-kills, downing em off a lot
I got a lot off days but it ain't often that I'm off the clock
Ya'know I mean?
I got the Chicago Blues
We invented rock before the Stones got through
We just aiming back cause the cops shot you
Buck buck bang bang, yelling "Fuck Fox News!"
Booyaka buckle up, mothafuck ops too
Ain't no knuckling up em young cause it just not cool
Nice to see you Father New Year
Middle finger Uncle Samuel
Shooting death with weighted dice
And hitting stains on birthday candles
I know somebody, somebody loves my ass
Cause they help me beat my demons ass
I used to tell hoes I was dark light or off white
But I'd fight if a nigga said that I talk white
And both my parents was black
But they saw it fit that I talk right
With my drawers hid but
My hard head stayed in the clouds like a lost kite
But gravity had me up in a submission hold
Like I'm dancing with the Devil with two left feet and I'm pigeon toed
In two small point ballet shoes with a missing sole
And two missing toes
But it's love like Cupid kissing a mistletoe
Nice to see you Father New Year
Middle finger Uncle Samuel
Shooting death with weighted dice
And hitting stains on birthday candles
I know somebody, somebody loves my ass
Cause they help me beat my demons ass
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah

What's better than tripping is falling in love
What's better than Letterman, Leno, Fallon, and all the above
What's better than popping bottles trying to ball in the club
Is the first caveman pops with his son, ball and a club
What's better than paper is balling it up
What's better than followers is actually falling in love
What's better than frolicking, follies, fallin in mud,
Rolling in green pastures, wandering following love
What's better than eating is feeding your fam
What's better than meetings is missing meetings to meet with your fam
What's better than leaning and needing your Xan
Is hitting your zan dreaming a dream could mean leaving the land
What's better than yelling is hollering love
What's better than rhymes, nickles, dimes, dollars, and dubs
Is dialing up your darling just for calling her up
There ain't nothing better than falling in love

I've seen it come back, back, back and forth,
You hit the nail right on top of the head,
I know you seen it all before,
But when it looked you in the eyes it ain't nothing you could say but that's love
That's love
That's looove ooohh
That's love
Say that's love,
That's loooove, that's love, that's love that's love
I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you, I love you
That's looove
That's loooooooovee, that's loooove
Say that's love, that's looove, that's love
That's love, that's love that's love

Chance, acid rapper, soccer, hacky sacker
Cocky khaki jacket jacker
Slap-happy faggot slapper
Iraqi rocket launcher
Shake that Laffy Taffy, jolly raunchy rapper
Bang, bang, bang - skeet, skeet, skeet
She do that thing for three retweets
The album feel like '92
Now take that ball 'fore he three-peat
Chance, ho, acid head, cruising on that LSD
Asked Joseph about my deal
He looked back said "hell yeah, let's eat!"
This shit my favorite song, you just don't know the words
But I still fuck with you, you just ain't never heard
It go like: count that stack, pop that cap then down that Jack
All my niggas hit that zan, and all my ladies bounce that back
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm bout that jam
Young Rascal Flatts - young ass kid ass could rap
Fuck all the faculty, tobacco-packing acrobat
Back-to-back packin' bags back and forth with fifths of Jack and
Fourths of weed, I'm back to pack on hands
With young Cletus to pat my back
Real nigga with a nose ring, that's right
Just here to rap them songs
Rag on my hair, wrap weed in Vegas, rockin' Vagabonds
Sang a song, oh you don't know? What?
Well, I still bang with you
Hang with you, sip drank with you
As long as I can sang with you like:
This shit my favorite song, you just don't know the words
But I still fuck with you, you just ain't never heard
It go like: count that stack, pop that cap then down that Jack
All my niggas hit that zan, and all my ladies bounce that back
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm bout that jam
This shit my favorite song, you just don't know the words
But I still fuck with you, you just ain't never heard
It go like: count that stack, pop that cap then down that Jack
All my niggas hit that zan, and all my ladies bounce that back
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam
This my jam, this my jam, this my jam, this my jam
I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm 'bout that jam, I'm bout that jam
Introducin' Chance the Ruthless
Trip 'shrooms and lucy
Dreams is lucid
Loosely based on music
Swallow my mucus
Hope your pussy get herpes and yo' ass get lupus
Deuces Douches. deuce deuce I'll shoot ya (BANG)
Shoes might boot cha and a suit might suit cha
They be on bullshit but they really don't do shit
They use of illusion could confuse Confuscius
Nasty, ashy, cigarette ashing, 'til my voice get raspy
Last week suspended
Last night kissed Va$htie
Parleyed with Ashley
Always in the hallway, so I never been classy
(Ha ha ha) Shut up
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
Na na na, na na na
(Igh, igh, igh, igh!)
Acid acid, get it? Acid
Melts through plastic, I spit fired
Pad my palette, talkin' paper
If this was work, I'd get higher-ed
Pardon my mishaps, burp and get murdered
Fart and get bitch-slapped, like bourbon mixed with jack
Lickety-split, lickety-slipped on a shell
From peelin' banana split backs
Give me my Kit-Kat
Don't break me off shit, batch, fack is you mean bitch?
Zan with that lean bitch, zan with that lean bitch
Zen with that chakra
I eat it like Idi Amin, you know what I mean
Hit me back when that mean shit
Acid Rap!
I don't even talk to them on the phone again
Leave in the AM, on the road again
So bitch, let's fuck so I can smoke again
I gotta smoke again, I got shit to do
Who smokin in my car?
It's that nigga Chano
AKA Mr. Bennett
AK Tony Montano
I've got some folks in low end
I got some folks in c-note
AK hundred dinero
You ever seen Casino?
I just got back with 'Bino
I got a bitch but she know
Her friends done did the Dino
That's that Chicago lingo
Flamin' hots with Cheese
And a kiwi Mistic
My dick won't even call her
Cause she left all that lipstick
Niggas be on dirt
That's why I stay on petty
I know that bangers jam
That's why my hands stay ready
Flip the candy yum
That's the fucking bombest
Lean all on the square
That's a fuckin' rhombus
Who's sneaking in the club?
That's that youngster rapper
Un-saran wrap the purple
Wrap that blunt under after
Smoke all out the window
Cops could eat a dick
If you ain't the hitter
You just might be the lick
Flame on, flame on
I'm your bitch's ringtone
She like when I rap raps
But better when I sing songs
No Drake, but I get my Trey on
Killin' in the hood like Trayvon
Shoppin' like I got a coupon
Savin' like I got a cape on
Cookin' crack in my apron
Dressed like a nigga had 8 proms
Tell shorty I may change
And I made it and I napalm
Trippy shit to watch
Drugs while on the clock
Acid on the face
That's a work of art
Kicked off my shoes, tripped acid in the rain
Wore my jacket as a cape, and my umbrella as a cane
The richest man rocks the snatch-less necklace
Spineless bitches in backless dresses
Wore my feelings on my sleeveless
My weed seedless, my trees leafless
I miss my diagonal grilled cheeses
And back when Mike Jackson was still Jesus
Before, I believed in not believing in
Yeah, I inhaled, who believed in me not breathing in
Cigarette stained smile all covered in sin
My big homie died young; just turned older than him
I seen it happen, I seen it happen, I see it always
He still be screaming, I see his demons in empty hallways
I trip to make the fall shorter
Fall quarter was just a tall order
And I'm hungry, I'm just not that thirsty
As of late, my verses seem not so verse-y
And all my words just mean controversy
Took the team up off my back like "that's not your jersey?"
Stressin', pullin' my hair out, hoping I don't get picked
All this medicine in me hoping I don't get sick
Making all this money hoping I don't get rich
Cause niggas still getting bodied for foams
Sometimes the truth don't rhyme
Sometime the lies get millions of views
Funerals for little girls, is that appealing to you?
From your cubicle desktop, what a beautiful view
I think love is beautiful, too
Building forts from broken dams, what a hoover could do
For future hoopers dead from Rugers shooting through the empty alley
Could've threw him an alley-oop, helping him do good in school
Damn that acid it burn when it clean ya
I still miss being a senior
And performing at all those open mic events
High schools, eyes closed seeing arenas
And I still get jealous of Vic
And Vic still jealous of me
But if you touch my brother
All that anti-violence shit goes out the window along with you
And the rest of your team
Smoking cigarettes to look cooler
I only stop by to look through ya
And I'm only getting greedier
And I'm still Mr. Youmedia
And I still can't find Talent
And I'm still choosing classmates that wouldn't fuck
Mom still thinks I should go back to school
And Justin still thinks I'm good enough
And Mama Jan still don't take her meds
And I still be asking God to show his face
And I still be asking God to show his face
I am a new man, I am sanctified
Oh I am holy, I have been baptized
I have been born again, I am the White Light
Rain... rain don't go away
This is my last shh- my last shit
Uhh, it definitely be mad important
Ey man, that sound like a Prince song
Still a chain smoking
Name dropping
Good looking
Muh' fucking
Motha, shut your mouth
Brain broken
Frank Ocean listening
Stain hitting, satin woodgrain gripping
Paint dripping
Motha, shut your mouth
Somebody pray for the god, oh lord
I wonder what Michael's on
Son jammin' to his shit
Rappin' trappin' trippin' 'cid
And sniffing glue and chewing Vicodin
Shoulda died- yelling YOLO was a lie
And you a liar wonder why you wanna die so young
You and I look just alike
And I'm afraid that this one right here
Might be last time that I write a song
Lot of niggas wanna go out with a bang
But I ain't tryna go out at all
So I ain’t tryna go out at all
Got a lot of ideas still to throw out the door
Last chance joint gotta be a dance joint
From an introspective drugged out standpoint
Throw bands joint, wanna hold hands joint
Old school for my own old man joint

Still a chain smoking
Name dropping
Good looking
Muh' fucking
Motha, shut your mouth
Brain broken
Frank Ocean listening
Stain hitting, satin woodgrain gripping
Paint dripping
Motha, shut your mouth

This part right here, right now
Right here, this part my shit
I play this so loud in the car
I forget to park my whip
I lean back, then spark my shit
I turn up, I talk my shit
Hope you love all of my shit
I hope you love all of my shit (IGH)

Why toss my filter when she saved my life?
The same shit that kills us, always taste so right
That's why I pray to the dear lord
God know who he be
Truth be told he juiced me
Introduced me to the lucy leaf
Oh oh oh, I seen the light, I lost my lighter
Bic flick, kick the habit and the bucket, fuck your supplier
Lies, Levis on fire
Flyer on the wall I'm brighter
In the darkness of the night
In the sky I get higher, higher

Still a chain smoking
Name dropping
Good looking
Muh' fucking
Motha, shut your mouth
Brain broken
Frank Ocean listening
Stain hitting, satin woodgrain gripping
Paint dripping
Motha, shut your mouth

This part right here, right now
Right here, this part my shit
I play this so loud in the car
I forget to park my whip
I lean back, then spark my shit
I turn up, I talk my shit
Hope you love all of my shit
I hope you love all of my shit (IGH)

Still a chain smoking
Name dropping
Good looking
Muh' fucking
Motha, shut your mouth
Brain broken
Frank Ocean listening
Stain hitting, satin woodgrain gripping
Paint dripping
Motha, shut your mouth
It's all good or whatever, I can wait 'til my birthday. I uh-
 Oh, alright. I just wanted to say thank you for everything. For the computer, the T-Shirts, and all the other stuff.
 Thank you, love you.
 Bye bye.
Thanks for coming guys
'Member sittin' in class the first time listening to Dilla
Everything's good
Rubbin' on yo chin sippin gin, Margiela brand chinchilla
Everything's good
My manager backpack packed with packs of cigarillos,
And some fruit snacks, And some killa
Phone numbers on speed dial call em save monkey gorillas
Everything's good
I ain't really that good at goodbyes,
I ain't really that bad at leaving,
I ain't really always been a good guy, I used to be thirsty thievin'
Runnin through purses even persons leave em hurtin' bleedin
I ain't really help the helpless
I used to be worse than worthless
Now I'm worth hooks and verses
I'm good like books in churches
Harolds and Hooks and Churches
Everything's Good
See my name when you google search it
Use a card when I make a purchase
Everything's Good
But I knew it was fly when I was just a caterpillar
That I'd make it even if I never make a milla,
When I meet my maker he gon' make sure that we chillin'
And everything's good
I ain't really that good at goodnight, I ain't really that bad at sleepin
With bad bitches, put them aside, I used to be thirsty creeping
Now I'm out working evenings birthdays even tuesdays wednesdays thursdays weekends, rehearsing verses, murdering merch and events,
Damn it feel good to be a gangsta,
And it feel good for me to thank you,
Put money back in your bank account,
Off of songs I barely could think up,
Cause a lot of songs niggas gon' make up,
Make sense, but they never gon' make a sound,
I'm better than I was the last time, crescendo,
Thanks Justin lendin them pencils
Mr. Menzies, Mensa, Chris Minto
The time I beat Chris on Nintendo
Nanana hey hey,, good intro,
Remember jacket shoppin' after listening to Thriller,
Remember the first time we heard this dude and thought damn that's that nigga,
Everything's good.
