Hey there, pretty girl,
You know exactly what you got, and I don't blame you at all...
You can't resist it...
Especially when the lights so bright, and the money so right,
And it's comin in every single night
She don't wanna leaveeeeeeeee,
She just stuck in...

Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas,
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down, ooooooo

She doesnt ever worry, if she wants it she'll get it on her own
She knows there's more to life, and shes scared of ending up alone

Throw your 1's up in the air
Throw your 1's up in the air for her
Throw your 1's up in the air
'Cause the ones you throw will get her out of

Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas,
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down, oooooo

We all got dreams and we all star reaching, all star peaking, all-star weekend...
One hotel room and all ya'll sleeping, housekeeping knock to see if all ya'll decent
Young girls envy the life ya'll leading, never satisfied with a nice calm evening
You be at the games looking right all season,
But you always with me on the night ya'll leaving

Ass low, ass low, I always request you
You go get fucked up and we just show up at your rescue
Carry you inside get you some water and undress you
I give you my all, and the next morning you'll forget:
Who, or Why, or How, or When
Tonight is probably about to happen all over again
And she live in a mindset that I could never move to
Until you find yourself, it's impossible to lose you
Uh... because I never had you...
Although I would be glad to...
I probably go and tattoo... your name on my heart,
I swear
I start,
To think,
That I'm going crazy

Throw your 1'ss up in the air
Throw your 1's up in the air for her
Throw your 1's up in the air
'Cause the 1's you throw will get her out of:

Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas,
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlanta... she just stuck in
Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas, Houstatlantavegas
And she dance... to this song... and she dance to this song... and it goes
Hey now now watch her go down, oooooo
Drizzy,
Oh yeah Trey I fucking feel you,
They be staring at the money like it's unfamiliar,
I get it,
I live it,
To me there's nothings realer,
Just enough to solve your problems,
Too much would kill ya,
And when I leave,
I always come right back here,
The young spitter that everybody in rap fear,
A lot of you all still sounding like last year,
The game needs change and I'm the motherfucking cashier,
Nickels for my thoughts,
Dimes in my bed,
Quarters of the kush,
Shape the lines in my head,
Take my verses too serious ya hate me,
Cause I'm the one to paint a vivid picture no HD,
Yeah,
I want it all,
That's why I strive for it,
Diss me and you'll never hear a reply for it,
Any awards show or party I'll get fly for it,
I know what's coming I just hope I'm alive for it.
Yeah,
I want things to go my way,
But as of late a lot of shit been going sideways,
And my mother tried to runaway from home,
But I left somethin in the car so I caught her in the driveway,
And she cried to me so I cried too,
And my stomach was soaking wet,
She only 5'2,
And 48 hours all before I showed up,
And brought a thousand dollars worth of drinks and got poured up,
Damn my reality just set in,
And even when the phantoms leased them hoes wanna get in,
I do a lot of things,
Hoping I never have to fit in,
So trying to keep up with my progress is like a dead end,
My girl love me but fuck it my heart beat slow,
And right now the tour bus is lookin like a freak show,
And life change for us every single week,
So it's good,
But I know this ain't the peak though
Cause I want...
Wise words from a decent man,
Back when I was trying to put a ring on Alicia hand,
This lost boy got fly without peter pan,
And my delivery just got me buzzing like the pizza man,
In person I am everything and more,
I'm everywhere these other niggas never been before,
But inside I'm treading waters steady trying to swim ashore,
I'm on a shoppin spree to get whatever is in store,
Just call me shop and bag drizzy,
And call me Mr.damn he ain't coping that is he?
And fans of these freshman is about to get iffy,
While this youngin that you doubting is about to get busy,
I'm a kill it I promise this I know you mad,
I've always treated my city like some shoulder pads,
To big homie use a flash if you must,
And I swear I ain't asking for much
All I want is
You know a lot of girls be...thinking my songs about them, but
This is not to get confused, this ones for you...

I say...
You the fuckin' best
You the best I ever had,
Best I ever had
I say you the fuckin'...

Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't ever on it
I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say...
You the fuckin' best
You the best I ever had,
Best I ever had
I say you the fuckin'...

Know you gotta roommate,
Call me when there's no one there,
Put the key under the mat and you know I be over there (Eeeup)
I be over there, shawty I be over there
I be hittin' all the spots that you ain't even know was there
And you don't even have to ask twice,
You could have my heart, or we could share it like the last slice
Always felt like you were so accustomed to the fast life
Have a nigga thinking that he met you in a past life
Sweat pants, hair tied, chillin' with no make-up on
That's when you're the prettiest, I hope that you don't take it wrong
You don't even trip when friends say you ain't bringing Drake along
You know that I'm working I be there soon as I make it home
And she a patient in my waiting room,
Never pay attention to the rumours and what they assume
And until em' girls prove it, I'm the one that never get confused wit

'cause...
I say...
You the fuckin' best
You the best I ever had,
Best I ever had
I say you the fuckin'...

Sex, love, pain, baby I be on that Tank shit,
Buzz so big, I could probably sell a blank disk
Play my album, drop bitches will buy it for the picture
And niggas will buy two and claim they got it for they sister
Magazine paper girl but money ain't the issue
They bring dinner to my room and ask me to initial
She call me the referee cause I be so official
My shirt ain't got no stripes but I can make your pussy whistle
Like the Andy Griffith theme song,
And who told you to put them jeans on
Double cup love, you're the one I lean on
Feeling for a fix, than you should really get your fiend on
Yeah, just know my condo is the crack spot
Every single show she out there reppin' like a mascot
Get it from the back and make ya fuckin' bra strap pop
All up in your slot till a nigga hit the jack pot

Baby you're my everything, you're all I ever wanted
We could do it real big, bigger than you ever done it
You be up on everything, other hoes ain't ever on it
I want this forever, I swear I could spend whatever on it
Cause she hold me down every time I hit her up
When I get right I promise that we gone live it up
She make me beg for it, till she give it up
And I say the same thing every single time
I say...
You the fuckin' best
You the best I ever had,
Best I ever had
I say...
You the fuckin' best
You the best I ever had,
Best I ever had

Uhh, ah yea
See this the type of joint you gotta dedicate to somebody
Just make sure they that special somebody
Young Money
You know who you are, I got ya
Uh, hardly home but always reppin,
You hardly on and always second,
When I'm awake you always restin,
And when they call you the answer you will hardly question,
I, I'm doin classic shit in all my sessions,
Other nigga's situations they are all depressin,
That's why I never follow y'all suggestions,
I just always did my own thing,
Now I run the game, you stupid muddasuckas
I see all this money through my ohio state buck eyes,
Shit been goin good, but good can turn to better,
Cause you the type to lose her, and I'm about to get her
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
Yeah, wrong way down the one way,
Women don't get saved round me even on a sunday,
Damn where I get it from, these niggas always wonder who,
Then they meet my pop and tell 'I'm ''Drake is just a younger you'',
And shawty wanna party so don't let yo girl up out the house
Or there'll be shots on TMZ, of me givin her mouth-to-mouth,
Now she's famous and the paparazzi starts to shoot her,
I drop two black cars I named 'em Malcom X an Martin Luther
I don't ever play but I'm in the game lady,
They just loose to love, those are tennis games lady,
Have you countin money goin dufflebag-crazy,
Sippin on Pink Floyd an puffin Wayne Brady,
Damn, who's line is it anyways,
I'm in the daze, you been amazed, y'all seem to be stuck on that beginner stage,
I'm on fire yup I've been a blaze,
I got dough to blow, but I wanna blow it right,
You look nice, and yo frame, makes me wanna bowl a strike
Well alright, guess I might, know what fuck it yes I will,
I am more than what you bargained for and nothin less than real
Put it to you right
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
I'm on
You can run an tell my city it's on
First off you know what it is if you heard drake
Making hoes wobble like a bridge in a earth quake
Never see me out cause I live in my work place
I give you the business so button up your shirt straight
Look at where I landed
You would think I planned it
I'm just doing me and you can never understand it
Chicks get hammered
Big dick bandit
Money flowing like a slit wrist
No bandage
Blowing purple clouds nigga
I'm so sky high
I ain't cutting anybody slices out of my pie
Out of this world though
I'm so sci-fi
And I don't sit still I keep it moving like a drive-by
I just tell the truth and so I'm cool in every hood spot
Twenty one years and I ain't never met a good cop
Me and Wayne lean like Kareem doing hook shots
Cover me I'm going in to buck you when the hook drops
Uh, I'm just so far gone, october's own, Please leave me alone
Drunk off champagne screamin' in the phone
See my house is not a home, fuck is goin' on
Where did we go wrong, where do we belong
Caught up in the game and it's one I can't postpone
Meaning if it rains I'm the one it's raining on
When my diamond chain is on still nothing set in stone
Women borrow sweaters that I spray with my cologne
And tell me don't forget 'em and I promise that I won't
Feelin' so distant from everyone I've known
To make everybody happy I think I would need a clone
Places we get flown, parties that we've thrown
I've done more for this city then these rappers that have blown
It's only been 3 Years look at how I've grown
I'm just in my zone, I call this shit the calm
Yea, but I'm the furthest thing from calm
Dedicated to my mom, and I swear my word is bond
Everything will be ok and it won't even take that long
You can see it in my face or even read it on my palm
Leader of the new school it's proven and it's known
I'm sittin' in a chair but in the future it's a throne
I know you like to worry it'll be better if you don't cause...
You know, everything gone be alright, I promise. A
Pologize to you know, to put ya'll in this position and vent to ya'll but...
40 mom always say, "Don't ask permisson, just ask forgiveness"
You know, so... forgive me.
Uh, And life is so insane, look what I've became, tryna make a name
All my first dates are interrupted by my fame
Because every picture taken is a fan that you can gain
They love it when you smile unaware that it's a strain
It's a curse you gotta live with when you born to entertain
Women need attention therefore women will complain
Develop hatred for men and say that your the one to blame
Tryna enjoy myself with Taz in miami at the game
I just wish he knew how much it really weighed like dwayne
It's a weight that's on my chest whoever spottin' me is playin'
So I'm liftin' all alone try not to get a sprain
Hopin' western union doing currency exchange
Cause my dad called and got me feelin' guilty and ashamed
Like, how I had a Rolls and I went and got a Range
And he payin' for his cigarettes with dollars and some change
Damn, and I could only feel his pain
Cause in memphis tennessee there's only so much to attain
So I'm fillin' out the form at the counter once a-gain
He say he love me I just hope he doesn't say that shit in vain
I'm why yo girl heart is in a slang
Call me heartbreak Drake I'm the hardest one to tame
As a man I'm just honest as a artist I'm a king
With my own set of problems that be sittin' on my brain
Yea, And see this is the thang
What they viewing as braggin' is the way that I maintain
The shit I write while staring out the window of a plane
Is the single handed reason I Remain...
Me, Yea... Uh, I said I call this shit the calm.
But I'm the furthest thing from calm.
I swear I'm puttin' on but they always wanna ask what type of act you puttin' on like... Man.
This is why I do this shit.
I think they call this, uhm, venting.
Look
Uhh.

This is me.
Still the same.
They want the hits.
I play the game.
No auto tune, but you can feel the pain.
It all comes spilling out like I hit a vein.
What up lil Braw.
What up slum Ville.
I hope you know that yall the reason I have fun still.
The fans thinking that we all signed for one mill.
Equal opportunities rapping, that shit is unreal.
That ain't how it works.
That ain't that how it goes.
And I be getting high to balance out the lows.
And I could use a writer to balance out my flows.
But I never share my thoughts,
This is all a nigga knows.
And every time I try, it opens up my eyes.
These verses are a chance to remembered and reprised.
And I would be performing just as long as I'm alive.
So every word I utter will be mine.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
Oh oh oh oh oh uhh.
I never cried when Pac died.
But I probably will when Hov does.
And if my tears hold value, then I would drop one for every single thing he showed us.
And I'll be standing in a puddle.
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
And ima keep it honest.
I'm so tired of being subtle.
Its just me, Forty, O, and Neek standing in a huddle.
Staring at the members of my team.
Who get questioned about they profit from this 40 million dollar scheme.
Just know that I'm in debt for you defending all our dreams.
I hope you tell your family this shit ain't what it seems.
But yall the reason for a lot of my devotion.
You know I spend money because spending time is hopeless.
And know I pop bottles cause I bottle my emotions.
At least I put it all in the open.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
oh oh oh oh oh uhh.
Look.
Fuck all yall.
We ignore feelings here.
Premature millionaires.
Welcome to my realest year.
Yeah.
I swear we making a killing here.
I should be on top of the world here just chilling here.
Uh.
But its funny having fans.
Who find you before anybody ever has the chance, and build you up so you could be the biggest in the game.
And realize when your there, sometimes the shit don't feel the same.
Yeah.
And plus things are just surreal at home
People think I've changed just because my appeal has grown
And now security follow me everywhere so I never actually am alone, I just always feel alone.
I think I'm scared of what the future holds.
I was wishing for some things and now am used to those.
Every girl I meet thinks I'm fucking groupie hoes.
The honesty of my music has left me too exposed.
All my old friends think I got a new crowd.
And people seem to notice every time I do smile.
I guess that mean they come few and far between.
Even though am living out what you would call the dream.
Yeah.
And my uncle ain't even messaging me.
And him missing in my life is kind of messing with me.
I hope this isn't one of those forever things.
Its funny how money can change everything.
Don't believe the lies.
Look me in my eyes.
Please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
I remember you.
This feeling isn't new.
So please don't be scared of me.
Please don't be scared of me.
oh oh oh oh oh uhh.
