Money just changed everything, I wonder how life without it would go
From the concrete who knew that a flower would grow
Lookin’ down from the top and its crowded below
My fifteen minutes started an hour ago
Truth over fame, you know I respect the blatant shit
When I hear them talking, I just don't know what to make of it
Hate is so familiar to me, I’m slowly embracing it
Doesn’t come natural, bear with me it could take a bit
Yeah, and my dreams are who I’m racing with
And you can see I’m pacing it so that I’m always chasing it
Wayne put me right here, that's who I get the paper with
I hope that my success never alters our relationship
Yeah, this life is something I would die for
Octobers own, but its looking like July 4
I just wish they’d let you try it first
This time I’m really going off, fireworks
Today it begins
I missed them before but won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think that I just realized what it means.
Today it begins
I’m just such a gentleman
You should give it up for me
Look at how I’m placing all my napkins and my cutlery
I could tell it wasn’t love I just thought you fuck with me
Who could've predicted lucky strike would have you stuck with me
Damn, I kept my wits about me luckily
What happened between us that night it always seems to trouble me
Now all of a sudden these gossip brags wanna cover me
And you making it seem like it happened that way because of me
But I was curious and I’ll never forget it baby
What an experience
You could've been the one but it wasn't that serious
Their was smoke in the air before that was me clearing it
That felt good, all and all I learned a lesson from it though
You never see it coming you just get to see it go
Yeah, I should've looked up in the sky at first
Now I can see it in her eyes
Fireworks!
I missed them before but won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think that I just realized what it means.
Everything the same but it feels different
My dad called me up knowing that I still listen
And he’s still got his foot out, guilt trippin’
It’s been years, though, I just learn to deal with it
For real, me and my realtor we built up a better rapport
Got my mother in a place with some better decor
She searched the entire city I let her explore
And now she’s sayin’ she’s more lonely than ever before
How many of our parents’ marriages lasted?
I was only 5, I bet I barely reacted
I’m flying back home for the heritage classic
Searching for that feeling, tell me where is the magic?
Let’s stay together ’til we’re ghosts
I want to witness love, I’ve never seen it close
Yeah, but I guess I gotta find it first, that’s why I’m really going off
Fireworks!
Today it begins
I missed them before but won't miss them again
I keep having the same dream
And I think that I just realized what it means.
Things have been so crazy and hectic
I should have gotten back by now
but you know how much I wanted to make it
it’s proabably better anyhow
so if you gotta go
if theres anything I should know
if the spotlight makes you nervous
if you looking for a purpose
you put the tea in the kettle and light it
put your hand on the metal and feel it
but do you even feel it anymore
I remember when you thought I was joking
now I’m all singing Karaoke
further than I’ve ever been
so if you gotta go
if there’s any way I can help
Isn’t it ironic that the girl I wanna marry is a wedding planner
that tells me my life is too much and then moves to Atlanta
damn, of all the places you could go
I just thought you’d choose somewhere that has somebody that you know
I'm always up too late I worry bout you there alone
in that place you call your home
warm nights and cold patron
I hope you don’t get known for nothing crazy
cause no man ever wants to hear those stories bout his lady
I know they say the first love is the sweetest
but that first cut is the deepest
I tried to keep us together you were busy keeping secrets
secrets you were telling everybody but me
don’t be fooled by the money I’m still just young and unlucky
I’m surprised you couldn’t tell
I was only trying to get ahead
I was only trying to get ahead
but the spotlight makes you nervous
and you looking for a purpose

I was only trying to get ahead
I was only trying to get ahead
but the spotlight makes you nervous
Yesterday when we were getting high, you were invited.
You would've liked it. I-I know you all too well.
I said that we could kiss the past goodbye, but you weren't excited, there's no way to fight it.
You can stay but shawty here I go...
Uh, should I spend the weekend in Vegas?
I'm living inside a moment, not taking pictures to save it.
I mean, how could I forget? My memories never faded.
I can't relate to these haters, my enemies never made it.
I am, still here with who I started with.
The game needed life, I put my heart in it.
I blew myself up, I'm on some martyr shit.
Carried the weight for my city like a cargo ship.
Uh. I'm 23, with a money tree.
Growing more too, I just planted a hundred seeds.
It's ironic, 'cause my mother was a flourist,
and that's how she met my pops and now my garden is enourmous.
It's happening Penny Lane, just like you said.
I avoided the Coke game, and went with Sprite instead.
Uh huh, that's word to the millions that they putting up.
I'm trying to do better than good enough.
What am I afraid of? This is suppose to be what dreams are made of.
But people I don't have the time to hang with, always look at me and say the same shit..(they say)
You promised me you would never change.
You promised me you would never change.
[Verse 2]
Uh. Am I wrong for making light of my situation? Clap on.
When 40 got some shit for me to snap on.
Now that I'm on, I don't really want to worry about getting back on.
I'm just trying to stay on, get my fucking buffet on.
I heard they just moved my grandmother to a nursing home.
And I be acting like I don't know how to work a phone.
But hit redial you see that I just called, some chick I met at the mall,
that I barley know at all and..
Plus this woman that I messed with unprotected
Texting saying that she wish she would've kept it.
The one that I'm laying next to just looked over and read it.
Man I couldn't tell you where the fuck my head is, I'm holding on by a thread it's..
Like I'm high right now, the guy right now, and you can tell by looking in my eyes right now.
That nothing really comes as a surprise right now,
'cause we just having the time of our lives right now.


What am I afraid of? This is suppose to be what dreams are made of.
But people I don't have the time to hang with, always look at me and say the same shit..(they say)
You promised me you would never change.
You promised you would never change.


Well all right. Uh. I live by some advices, girl Lisa told me.
The other day, Lisa told that she missed the old me.
Which made me question when I went missing.
And when I start treating my friends different.
Maybe it was the fast paced switch up.
Or the two guns in my face during the stick up.
Maybe cause the girl I thought I trusted was who set the whole shit up.
Or the fact I haven't seen em since they locked Big Rich up.
I know. At the same time I'm quick to forget.
I'm bout to roll me up a blunt with my list of regrets.
Burn it all, burn it all, I'm starting it fresh.
Cause half the time I got it right I probably guessed.
Did I just trade free time for camera time?
Will I blow all of this money baby, Hammer Time?
I just need some closure.
Aint no turning back for me I'm in till it's over.

I know way too many people here right now that I didn't know last year
who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights we've been everywhere and back
but I just can't remember it all
what am I doing, what am I doing?
oh yeah thats right, I'm doing me, I'm doing me
I'm living life right now man
and this what I'm do 'til it's over
'til it's over, it's far from over


alright, bottles on me
long as someone drink it
never drop the ball, fuck y'all thinking
making sure the young money ship is never sinking
bout to set it off in this bitch Jada Pinkett
I shouldn't have drove, tell me how I'm getting home
you too fine to be laying down in bed alone
I can teach you how to speak my language Rosetta stone
I swear this life is like the sweetest thing I've ever known
got to go thriller Mike Jackson on these n'ggas
all I need is a fucking red jackets with some zippers
super good smidoke a package of the swishas
I did it over night, it couldn't happen any quicker
y'all know them, but fuck it me either
but point the biggest skeptic out I'll make them a believer
it wouldn't be the first time I've done it throwing hundreds
when I should be throwing ones bitch I run it ahh

I know way too many people here right now that I didn't know last year
who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights we've been everywhere and back
but I just can't remember it all
what am I doing, what am I doing?
oh yeah thats right, I'm doing me, I'm doing me
I'm living life right now man
and this what I'm do 'til it's over
'til it's over, it's far from over


Uhhh,
one thing bout music when it hits you feel no pain
and I swear I got this shit that makes these bitches go insane
so they tell me that they love me I know better than that it's just game
it's just what comes from fame
and I'm ready for that I'm just saying
I really can't complain, everything is kosher
two thumbs up, ebert and roeper
I really can't see the end getting any closer
but I'll probably still be the man when everything is over
so I'm riding through the city with my high beams on
can you see me can you see me get your visine on
y'all just do not fit the picture
turn your widescreen on
if you thinking Imma quit before I die dream on
man they treat me like a legend
am I really this cold
I'm really too young to be feeling this old
it's about time you admit it who you kidding man
nobody's ever done it like I did it
ahh
I know way too many people here right now that I didn't know last year
who the fuck are y'all?
I swear it feels like the last few nights we've been everywhere and back
but I just can't remember it all
what am I doing, what am I doing?
oh yeah thats right, I'm doing me, I'm doing me
I'm living life right now man
and this what I'm do 'til it's over
'til it's over, it's far from over
How did I end up right here with you
after all the things that I been through
it's been one of those days
you tryin’ forget about
take a shot and let it out
let’s get right
now that I’m here baby...
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
show me a good
show me a good
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
I live for the nights that I can’t remember,
with the people that I won’t forget
spending all the money I just work my ass off
for the things that I won’t regret
I’ve been waiting way too long long long long
tellin’ everybody that I know we about to be on on on on
I ain’t tryin’ look like I lie to these niggas that I came up with
that’s my team, never would I let a woman come between
what we doing right now
this our dream, Wu Tang Clan niggas want that cream
I’m the Osirus of the shit right now
go to guy for the hits right now
whatever you wanna drink girl pick right now
if you can’t hold your liquor you better quit right now

How did I end up right here with you
after all the things that I been through
it's been one of those days
you tryin’ forget about
take a shot and let it out
let’s get right
now that I’m here baby...
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
show me a good
show me a good
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)

How ’bout you and all your morals in that outfit that you borrowed
make the most out of tonight and worry bout it all tomorrow
understand girl, we fam girl
can’t get me right and I do Wayne
Cash money young money pop champagne
Presidential suite girl Barrack Hussain
Tell me can we kick it like Ali Shaheed and Phife Dawg
people really hate when a backpack rapper get rich
and start livin’ that life dawg
feels like when you gettin’ to that paper hip hop hates ya
they would do it just like I do if they could
its in our nature
ahh, young and rich and out of control
Out in LA blowing clouds of that killer
I came up in the underground though
so I’ma spend another ten thousand for Dilla
call me over rated or creative or too jaded
because any way you put it bitch I made it, YUP

How did I end up right here with you
after all the things that I been through
it's been one of those days
you tryin’ forget about
take a shot and let it out
let’s get right
now that I’m here baby...
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
show me a good
show me a good
show me a good time
(oh yeah, oh yeah)
Kush rolled, glass full, I prefer the better things
Niggas with no money act like money isn't everything
I'm having a good time, they just trying to ruin it
Shout out to the fact that I'm the youngest nigga doing it
Cap on, brim bent, Denzel, every time
She ain't trying to pop that shit for pimp okay well never mind,
I I I tried to told you, Drizzy still ain't nothing nice
Bracelet saying you should quit, cars saying fuck ya life
Okay now we outta here
Toodles to you bitches
And if you dolled up
I got the voodoo for you bitches, yeah
I'm busy getting rich, I don't want trouble
I made enough for two niggas boy stunt double
Fame is like a drug that I've taken too much of
But I never ever trip
Just peace happiness and love
I got money in these jeans, so they fit me kinda snug
Plus the game is in my pocket, nigga this is what I does
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talking about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (oooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night
Whole crew's in here
Cause I don't really know who Imma lose this year (oooh)
Man I love my team
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas (oooh)
I'm about whatever man
Fuck what they be talking about,
They opinion doesn't count,
We the only thing that matters (oooh)
So we do it how we do it
All up in your face, man, I hate to put you through it
I be up all night
Whole crew's in here
Cause I don't really know who Imma lose this year (oooh)
Man I love my team
Man I love my team
I would die for them niggas (oooh)
Oh yeah we in this bitch
Oww, oww, oww
Oh yeah we in this bitch
Oww, oww, oww
You getting ready so I know we gon be here awhile
in the bathroom flat irons and nail files
spending hours in salons on your hairstyle
in the mall steady racking up the air miles
hit the gym step on the scales stare at the number
you say you dropping 10 pounds preparing for summer
and you don't do it for the man, men never notice
you just do it for yourself you're the fucking coldest
intelligent too ooh you're my sweetheart
I've always liked my women book and street smart
long as they got a little class like half days
and the confidence to overlook my past ways
time heals all, and heels hurt to walk in
but they go with the clutch that you carry your lip gloss in
and look I really think that nobody does it better
I love the way you put it together
Atlanta girls, let me see your hands
wave em at them bitches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know that everything big
nail done, hair done, everything did

And my NY girls let me see your hands
wave em at them bitches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know that everything big
nail done, hair done, everything did

And my LA girls, let me see your hands
wave em at them bitches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know that everything big
nails done, hair done, everything did

And my TO girls, let me see your hands
wave em at them bitches hating on you with their friends
girl you got it
let em know that everything big
nail done, hair done, nail done, hair done
Uh, 5 and a half em boys
ass is off the hook
Cinderella bout to lose the glass off her foot
and when I find it is when I find you
and we can do the things we never got the time to
better late than never
but never late is better
they tell me time is money, well we'll spend it together
I'm down for whatever
you just lead the way
we go to dinner you don't even look at me to pay
mature women with more than me were the first to tempt me
and Jason had this girl Tammy with a purple Bentley
how she got it I aint never get to ask
I just knew that she was fine like a ticket on the dash
yeah, but shout out to the homeowners
the girls that got diplomas
and enough money to loan us a little something extra
should we ever need it
if it sounds like you then let me hear you repeat it
These girls ain’t got nothing on you
uhh, say baby I had to mention
that if you were a star you’d be the one I’m searching for
all the girls they got attention
but I just always feel like they're in need of something you got
its obvious you’re pretty
heard that you're a student working weekends in the city
trying to take you out girl, hope you're not too busy
and if there’s nothing wrong, got this little song
for you to get ready to
put those fucking heels on and work it girl
let that mirror show you what you're doing
put that fucking dress on and work it kind of vicious
like somebody’s taking pictures
Shut it down down down
you would shut it down down down
you be the baddest girl around round round
and they notice they notice
you would shut it down down down
you would shut it down down down
you be the baddest girl around round round
and they notice they notice
you would shut it, hey oh
these girls aint got nothing on you,
nothing on you
We shut it down down down
they know we shut it down down down
your the baddest girl around, round round
they notice, they notice
Shooting stars all around her, fire, comets
I could bring her through and shut them down, Onyx
no, you’re not imagining, they’re looking at you long stares
even though she’s standing out she looks like she belongs here
you feel the hours pass, until you find somethin’
I feel like when she moves – the time doesn’t
yeah, baby you finer than your fine cousin
and your cousin fine, but she don’t have my heart beating in double time
you just shut it down, girl
who told the cops where the party was?
why do I feel like I found The One?
what’s in these shots that you ordered us?
damn, I mean you sure know how to paint a town
ever since you came around its obvious you shut it down
The way I’m feeling, the things I say
all just happen, when you pass my way
what can I do to make you stay
I know its getting late
but girl I don’t want you to leave
you tell me you’re just not the type
you wanna do this right
and I’m not tryin to say I don’t believe you
but I refuse to feel ashamed
and if you feel the same
does waiting really make us better people?
take those fuckin heels off its worth it girl
nothing is what I can picture you in
so take that fuckin dress off I swear you won’t forget me
you’ll be happy that you let me lay you down down down
tryin to lay you down down down
you still the baddest girl around round round
they notice, they notice
let me lay you down down down
tryin to lay you down down down
you still the baddest girl around round round
they notice, they notice
You would shut it...
Let me know, let me know, ohhh ohhh
Let me know, let me know
Yo, this is really one of my dumbest flows ever
I haven’t slept in days, and me and my latest girl agreed to go our separate ways, so I’m single
Thinking about what we had and missing you,
But I ain’t Santa, I got something for these bad bitches too
I mean paparazzi on me, trying not to get caught out
They always seem to catch me with the women that I brought out
Baby, don’t hold on too long ’cause thats how them stories start out,
And all those girls that played me eat your muthafuckin heart out, it’s Drizzy
Always gone but never hard to find
And since you can’t escape me, do I ever cross your mind?
Because all this shit is new to me, I’m learning to behave,
And still spending every dollar they encourage me to save, but I’m good
I know that niggas would kill for this lifestyle,
I’m looking forward to the memories of right now
Never forgettin’ from where I came,
And no matter where I’m headed, I promise to stay the same
I’m just riding round the city with my hood on and my windows down
Ask your girl, I’m the realest nigga she been around
When I pull up in something new and park it by the haters,
And when you get to talkin’ bout the greatest
I just really hope that (you’d think of me)
I'm doin my thing
(‘Cause I’m trynna be unforgettable)

I've been up for 4 days
Getting money both ways
Dirty and clean, I could use a glass of cold Spades
Rolexes, chauffeurs and low fades
I keep thinking how young you can die from old age
They always tell me nobody's working as hard as you
And even though I laugh it off, man, it's probably true
Cuz while all of my closest friends out partying
I'm just here making all the music that they party to
But party on, party on, all night nigga
I got these new rappers nervous prom night nigga
I've grown tired of these fucking grown man liars
Storytellers, they ain't even need a campfire
Uhh, but I just wanna tell the truth
Before one of these haters load a couple shells and shoot
This shit feel like when Fredro Starr was at Sunset Park
Stuntin' hard in his yellow Goose
Yeah, but I'm a ma'fuckin' missed target
But a target nonetheless and I just started
Was that directed at moi? It can't be
They must be talking to themselves, hoes hands free
Yeah, and I'm just filling up this daily planner
Gettin' busy 'cause I'm a star, no spangled banner
Jealous dudes get to talkin' in they music
And I just say I wrote it for your girlfriends, Kelsey Grammar
Yeah, that's what life becomes when you're doing you
Welcome to Hollywood, don't let this town ruin you,
And if you pillow talking with the women that are screwin' you
Just know that she gon' tell another nigga when she through wit you
Don't get impatient when it takes too long
Drink it all even when it tastes too strong
Yeah, I gotta feel alive, even if it kills me
I promise to always give you me, the real me

Who would have thought
I'd be caught in this life?
Let's celebrate with a toast
And get lost in tonight
And make it all light up
(Hey, Guru, tell hom' to go to open that Ace right there),
Wait until the sun goes down
We gon' make this bitch light up
Even when the sun goes down
I'm gon' make this go

I said tell me what's really going on
Drizzy back up in this thing I'm ready, what's happening
Gone for surgery but now I'm back again
I'm bout my paper like a motherfucking scratch and win
World Series attitude, champagne bottle life
Nothing ever changes so tonight is like tomorrow night
I will have a model wife, your bitch is as hot as ice
Every time you see me I look like I hit the lotto twice
(Drake you got em right)
Yeah I got em Bun
I love myself 'cause I swear their life is just not as fun
Neks got the weed, Hush got a gun
CJ's got my credit cards and a lot of ones
Yeah, I'm in the city of the purple sprite
Someone tell Maliah I'm on fire she should work tonight
Call up King of Diamonds and tell China it'd be worth the flight
I'll be at my table stacking dollar's to the perfect height
Work something twerk something basis
She just tryna make it so she right here getting naked
I don't judge her, I don't judge her
But I could never love her 'cause to her I'm just a rapper
And soon she'll have met another
That's why me and lil jazz bout to spaz can you keep up
I'm just feeling sorry for whoever got to sweep up
Yeah, bills everywhere, trill everything
And Drake just stand for Do Right And Kill Everything
I love Nicki Minaj
I told her I'd admit it
I hope one day we get married just to say we fucking did it
And girl I'm fucking serious I'm with it if you with it
'Cause your verses turn me on and your pants are mighty fitted
Uh, damn, I think you caught me in a moment
Like I catch em stealing flows 'cause I swear I never loaned it
And life ain't a rehearsal the camera's always rollin'
So come and get a portion of this money that we be blowin'
'Cause it's on...

Yeah girl it's on
You know what it is when I finally make it home
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone
Yeah, that you miss me a little when I'm gone
And you just tell me what you down for
Anything you down for
I know things have changed
Know I used to be around more
But you should miss a little when I'm gone
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone, gone

Uh yeah
fovever in a hearts. J J . I luh you boi
H time
I am gone I am gone I am gone,
I am gone I am gone I am gone,
I just hope that you miss me miss me miss me miss me.
Miss me little when i am gone
Miss me little when i am gone gone gone
Oh no
All night I - been staring--can you tell I want you?
Can't be too - wide open--there's nothing I won't do
Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-whoa
Just thought you should
Know-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow-whoa-ooh


That's when you start to laugh (Oh-oh, oh-oh)
Saying I just want what I can't have (Oh-oh, oh-oh)
Won't even give me a chance (Oh-oh, oh-oh)
Claiming I'm just not as serious as you
Shawty if you only knew
This is serious...Unh

I wish I - wasn't famous
I wish I - was still in school
So that I could have you in my dorm room
I would put it on you--crazy

I'm more than just an option
(Hey hey hey)
Refuse to be forgotten
(Hey hey hey)
I took a chance with my heart
(Hey hey hey)
And I feel it taking over

I'd better find your lovin
I'd better find your heart.
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

I'm more than just a number
(Hey hey hey)
I doubt you'll find another
(Hey hey hey)
So every single summer
(Hey hey hey)
I be the one that you remember

And I'd better find your lovin
I'd better find your heart.
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

It's more than just a mission
(Hey hey hey)
You hear but you don't listen
(Hey hey hey)
You better pay attention
(Hey hey hey)
And give what you've been missin'

I'd better find your lovin
I'd better find your heart.
I bet if I give all my love then nothing's gonna tear us apart

Too many times
I've been wrong
I guess being right
Takes too long
I'm done waiting
There's nothing left to do
But give all I have to you and

I'd better find your lovin
I'd better find your heart
I'd better find your loving
I bet if I give all my love then nothings gonna tear us apart.

You could thank me now
uh, go ‘head
Thank Me Later yeah I know what I said
but later doesn’t always come so instead
it’s okay,
You could thank me now
uhh, yeah, well alright, here I go


Mahalo from the hardest act to follow
lately I’ve been drinking like there’s a message in a bottle
aloha’s to women with no ties
to men that I know well
that way there are no lies
you could thank me now for all the info I give to you niggas
I’m on the brink of influential
I’m here for you niggas
I guess a hit doesn’t add up to a career for you niggas
I must have been hard to watch,
what a year for you niggas
it’s December 31st and we in Miami just meditating
you got the resolutions, we just got reservations
living out a dream, it feels like I stayed up
and we just wanna party, patron straight up
fuck that old shit, I’m on new things
OVO clique, Red wing boot gang
yeah we want it all, half was never the agreement
who’d thought the route we chose would ever end up this scenic
I could relate to kids going straight to the league
when they recognise that you got what it takes to succeed
and thats around the time that your idols become your rivals
you make friends with Mike but gotta AI him for your survival
damn, I swear sports and music are so synonomous
’cause we wanna be them and they wanna be us
yeah so on behalf of the demanded
and the entertainment that you take for granted
you could thank me now...
and oh my goodness you’re welcome
you’re welcome
at this point me is who I’m trying to save myself from
rappers hit me up and I never know what to tell them
cause they think that I can help them get back to where they fell from
but drink up because everyone here is good tonight
except the niggas that I came with, they good for life
yeah, thats how you know it’s going down
in case another chance never comes around...

You could thank me now
uh, go ‘head
Thank Me Later yeah I know what I said
but later doesn’t always come so instead
it’s okay,
You could thank me now
uhh, yeah, well alright, here I go

Uhh, shallow nigga but deep enough to have gone swimming
I think I’m spending all my time with the wrong women
I think I have a chance at love but knowing me I miss it
cause me dedicating my time just isn’t realistic
man the good girls went silent on me
they got a boyfriend or left for college on me
and all the bad ones I used to hit her friends now
that make me wish I had a little less mileage on me
but do I ever come up in discussion over double pump latte’s
and low fat muffin’s, do I?
Or is missing what we had outta the question
I’m probably just the reason that you learned your lesson
I got flows for the Marilyn Monroe’s who’s there before it all
I guess thats how it goes
they hear about your cons or focus on your pro’s
and love you for who you are from the bottom of their soul
but those same ones from your area will grow
into women that are ready to get married at hello
because of what they allow
where are they all now
I know there somewhere watching so I’m trying to make them proud
searching for the meaning
you’ll find it next to me
and tell me I’m the highest, guess we finally get to see
I’m feeling like Nas who am I to disagree
they say that doors open up as soon as you find the missing key
it’s probably why I’m in this bitch shining
jump up in the sky and put the stars into alignment
I rep the ATF in case you need to be reminded
and the bandwagons full but you can try and run behind it
I’m sorry, poolside drinking
margarita rounds
shout out to my city though I hardly be in town
I’m the Black Sheep, but Chris Farley wears the crown
and I know life is just a game in which the cards are facing down
I’m in the world where things are taken, never given
how long they choose to love you will never be your decision
and I’m aware that this could be the last time you listen
so while I’m still here in this position...

You could thank me now
uh, go ‘head
Thank Me Later yeah I know what I said
but later doesn’t always come so instead
it’s okay,
You could thank me now
uhh, yeah, well alright, here I go
